You know that what I do is write for children, and in fact, I'm probably the author for children, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can dress you as a agriculture, or with leather clothes, and never nobody has chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and epiphanies.
And you know that an epiphany generally is something that was falling into place.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as an epiphany.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bolton.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the 1960s in the middle school, in Stewart, Ohau where I was the rare of class.
When they beat up every week in the bathroom of the kids, until a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life by allowing me to go into the bathroom of the teacher room.
I did it in secret.
for three years.
And I had to go from the city.
He had a thumb and 85 dollars, and ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s, I felt the need to start working on organizations that fought against AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night I got a phone call from that teacher -- the Gene Poem who said, "I need to see you.
I'm disillusioned that we never get to know.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man to know you've already found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to help you with this please."
Well, the next day we were in Clink.
We went to see it, we laugh, we cry, and we realized that she needed to be hospitalized.
We found it a place, we interpreted it, and we took care of it, and we fell out of his family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman I wanted to know as an adult came to me, he became a block of ashes and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed up, had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I talked about was made in itself.
The epiphany is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I save her.
And you know that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
And it needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy today that we talked about this today.
It also needs -- it needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our job to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and everything is interconnected.
I went for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and I saw my first transistors.
I was amazed.
My heart launched fast, I was started, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The trains around me are supporting the water almost 60 meters. And I couldn't even think that it was a concert of snow on another cover of snow year after year.
The transistors are born when you wake up from the glaciers or break the ice bar.
Each iceberg has their own individual personality.
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them refuse to be left and float up to the end, while others can't support them more and deliver in a dramatic passion army.
It's easy to think, when you see a iceberg that are isolated and alone, largely as we see ourselves as humans.
But reality is all opposite.
As a iceberg melts, I'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere.
As a eardrum is delivered with rich fresh water in minerals that feed many forms of life.
I'm going to photograph these trains as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that at these unique moments exist in that way and won't exist that way again.
It's not death when they melt away, it's not an end, but a continuation of your path for the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the transistors that photograph is very young -- it has a couple of thousands of years.
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years.
The last pictures I'd like to show you are from a train that I photographed in Khake, Greenland.
It's a little bit often to come to actually get a round of a round table.
Here you go.
You can see the left one little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your flowering line.
You can see here, it starts to roll, the boat has moved into the other side, and the man is out there.
This is a Greek iceberg transition, average size.
Support about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is in real time.
And so the table shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, every one of us who have a baby. Okay.
So, two couples each with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of the concept, because if you stop thinking about consciousness itself, you're not going to pay attention.
Think about that for a moment.
And on this stage I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm goes together to the X chromosome of the egg.
And in the other case, the sperm X is joined to the X chromosome of the egg.
They both learn and start life.
Let's talk about them later.
In my activity tends to be two roles.
In one of my roles I work with the history of anatomy.
I am a structure of training, and what I study in this case is the way people deal with anatomy -- that is to say, of human bodies and animals -- how they have considered body fluid, the idea of the body, the idea of the body.
The other role that I play in my work is an activist, as a patient advocate or, as I say sometimes, the impact of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical characteristics defy social norms.
I've been working on, for example, with simple twins, two people inside a body.
I've worked with people with end, so much lower than the average.
And I've worked with a lot of cases of satisfying sex, individuals whose physical skills don't fit into male schools and conventional feminines.
In general lines, we can call it interconnectivity.
The exchange adopted many ways.
I'm going to give you some examples in ways of having a sex that doesn't fit in male or female common forms.
For example, there is the case of the individual with X-ray chromosomes whose TV gene of the chromosome and says to the prototypes, that we all have in the heart life, which is becoming testing.
And then, in peaceful life, the testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks of testing receptors, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the syndrome of insections to the angels.
So, there are high levels of testosterone but no reaction.
As a consequence, the body develops following a typical female course.
When he was born, the baby has about a child.
It's a girl. It's raised as a child.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing up and developing the brains, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when somebody realizes that something is going on.
After doing it tests you realize that instead of having a stream and a territory, it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it's actually not.
Women, like men, we have something called supermarket glands called supermarket.
They're in the back of the body.
Surface glands produce angers, the hormone of male.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman -- it doesn't know its computer structure, I think it's going to be a typical woman, most women like me are sensitive to angers.
We produce angers and we respond to the angels.
As a consequence, someone like me has the most exposed brain to the angers that the woman who was born with textures that have the insulin of inequality to the angels.
That's why sex is complicated -- it's not that the international people are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I got a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as you'll see -- he had girlfriend, and sex relationships with her, he took a life as a kid, and he had just discovered that he had a savanna and the ground.
It had an extreme form of a disease known as a superpower hyper-century.
He had the 20th century, and in the womb. Superhero glands were so active that, in essence, they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genetics were male, their brain was exposed to the hormone typically male component.
I was born with a little kid -- no one suspected anything.
And it was at the age of 19, when he started having medical problems caused by internal engineering, when the doctors discovered that, in fact, it was a woman in the inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of exchange.
Some people with companies develop what is known as openings, which is to say, they have ocean tissue wrapped in temporary tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are many varieties of sex.
The reason why children with these kinds of bodies -- they are endless, simple twins, or extracting -- they become normal surgery not to be able to get a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason that you get to various surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity -- supposedly being black means having African anatomy in historical terms.
Very simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with catalogist.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individuals.
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individualism.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children who are born as two people inside a body.
The latest recent case is last year with the South African corridor, Cartesi Semone, put his sex in the International Games of Berlin.
A lot of reporters called to ask, "What do you do to do to determine whether Casey Semone is man or woman?
And I had to explain to the journalists that there isn't such a test.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't have a long line between men and women or between men and women and women and women -- we are the ones who are moving that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more you move through science, the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were stable anatomical categories that are directly correlated with stable identical categories -- they're much more diffuse than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that is much more complicated than what the terminology allows you to do.
As we see, we get into a scary terrain.
Look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What will we think about from the fact of the fact in just a few nuclear non-state?
And as we progress in science we get more and more in a uncomfortable area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we manage are probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the realm of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and at the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body gets human, and has different rights to the photos.
There are very heated discussions today -- maybe not in public, but I know within medicine -- about when someone is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to take them with this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of people put a pen in front of the nose, and if it was moving they weren't still buried yet.
If I stopped moving they were trained.
But today, for example, to extract vital organs of a body and put them into another body.
And as a consequence, we have to face the dilemma to really determine someone's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And you might think that this explosion of categories could be chosen to someone like me.
In politics I'm a progressive, defending people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I get nervous.
To make sure that these categories are much more unstable.
It is about the point of view of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm an admiration of the Parameters Fortune.
I know they were racist -- I know they were sex, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and bold and so radical in what they did, that I found each so much watching that music compared to 1650 and not by music, which is totally passionate.
That's what happened in 1776 with the Pauls Foundation.
The Parameters for the Foundation were, for me, the first anti-conflict activists and explains why.
What they removed was an anatomy, and they replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as everybody remember, what our parents were refugees, the idea of the monarchy was the idea of monarchy -- the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of the anatomy.
The old world monarchs didn't know DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that it came to political power on the right of blood transmitted from the grandfather to the father and then the son, etc.
The Parameters were rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomical concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They revealed the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common analogy and not the anatomical differences -- that was a very radical thing.
And in part they were doing it because they formed part of an isolated system where two things were born.
It was setting up democracy and at the same time was born science.
And it's very clear, if we looked at the history of the Pauls of the Parameters that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were leaking away from supernatural explanations and therefore rejected the concept of supernatural power transmitted by an idea of a right idea of birth.
They were moving into a natural concept.
And if we look, for example, the Declaration of independence, talk about nature and the god of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence we were telling us the idea of anatomical coincidence.
And by doing so, they were feeling the foundations of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think that way, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what happened years later?
And women shoulder.
Then the success of the Civil Rights Movement with people from the salary of South Translate, who said, "I'm not a woman?"
We found men in the rows of the Civil Rights movement saying, "I'm a man."
Again, of the color people that would apply to the anatomical coincidence. And again, they succeeded in.
We see the same with the Discovery movement.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the comics we have to start asking why we keep certain divisions.
But attention, I want to maintain some anatomical divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't mean that we should be left in the anatomy.
I don't mean that five years old, they were allowed to have sex relationships or married.
There are some anatomical divisions that for me make sense and I think we should keep going.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two things that are focused on the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both of them connected to 1950 exactly the same day.
Imagine one of them, Mary was born three months before time, October 1, 1980.
Henry, on the contrary, was born in terms of the term, was born on March 1, 1980.
For the fact that I had been born three months before Mary was attributed to all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all that not because it has a different biological age, but because he was born later.
We found other races in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered a man -- if I haven't told you whether it's 30, in virtue of being considered a man now is possible from the mandatory of the mandatory that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary for his part, it doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So you still have anatomical categories that are still problematic and questionable.
And now the question is, what do we do now that science advanced so much in the field of anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on the anatomy could get up?
I don't want to go back to science, but at the same time I feel like science gets away from us.
Where are we going?
It seems like what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude -- "Well, we have to move the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But many people are trapped in a rare position.
For example, Texas in a certain time has decided that to marry a man -- you don't have to have chromosomes and that to marry a woman you have to have chromosomes and a woman.
Now, in practice they don't make creative tests.
But this is also very strange given the story that I told you at the beginning of the insection syndrome.
If you look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "I have dragonflies offered a solution.
He says that we should judge people not in the color of their skin, but in the content of their character, going beyond anatomy.
And I mean, "Yes, the idea looks very good.
But in practice, how do you do?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character?
I also want to point out that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to guarantee people, because I will admit that I know some pollen retreats that probably deserve the social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some drugs I know can make more informed decisions, intelligent and mature decisions on their sexual relationships than people in 40 I know.
So how do you put in practice the issue of the character content.
It's very difficult.
And one part of me is wondering what would happen if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic resonance to it.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still guiding this current thought of thinking to the issue of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we're going to do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like Iranian in which a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed, unless it's willing to engage a sex change, in which case is allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I was happy to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had done a couple years ago that I had a couple of years ago and then separate them and so on.
But when the phone asked him the reason of the operation -- it was a very risky operation, and he told me that in that other country, these kids would be very heavy and therefore I had to do it.
What I said, "Well, has you considered political asylum.
The United States provides huge possibilities to people who are without forcing them to change for the sake of the state.
So I think we need to be in the head.
Well, to end up I want to say I've been talking a lot about parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we had given more participation to the mothers.
And I mean something a little bit radical for a feminist -- and that is that I think there can be different ideas from different anatomical phones, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in exchange, I've also been interested in researching sexual difference.
And one of the things that has interested me are the differences between men and women in terms of how to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about corporate studies is that women, in average, not all, but on average, they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to occupy those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
years ago, when I was in the grad one, one of my advisers who knew that I was interested in feminism -- I was feeling feminist -- like now, made a strange plant?
"Tell me what the feminism is.
And I thought, "It's the most silly question I've ever heard.
Feminism has to do with getting rid of gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in the female."
But the more I thought about your question, the more I think there's something female in the feminism of it.
That is, there might be something -- in average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So if the parents were very aware of finding the way people protect people across the state, it's possible that, to have injecting more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with the competing support.
And maybe that's what we need to do in the future when we take democracy beyond anatomy, think less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and think more about relationships.
So, as we try to create a more perfect Union, think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to remember how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where you want to go to live and work, it has the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents to attract us.
Well, right now we are far from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't have a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they're worth much more than their construction cost.
So we could easily give it to the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replace them for apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments already were owners and the other half still fail to do it.
You could try to increase the ability by making widening in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that you face is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid the motivators and the distributions of construction.
So it would be very difficult to do all those amazings.
But they could go to a completely new place, building a completely new apartment building -- always and when the rules of that place facilitate construction instead of putting them out.
So I proposed that governments create new areas of big enough reform to contain cities and gave them a name, low cities.
Later I learned that more or less at the same time, Jane and October were thinking about the challenge of reform Honors.
They knew that every year about 75,000 people would come from their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honors.
In the summer of 2009, Hollywood went through a restricting constitutional crisis.
In the next regular elections, he was planning with a platform in which it promises reforms and at the same time reconciliation.
He asked October to be his head of cabinet.
Meanwhile, I was preparing myself to give a talk at TEDGlobal.
Through a process of perfect, trial and error and a lot of evidence with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under state to their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say you can't go and bother all the current residents of apartment.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but it takes so much of technologies like rules to progress -- and usually it's the rules that prevented us forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala.
He showed it to Jane.
They called me.
They said, "Let's get this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Miami, in a hotel conference room.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this picture that shows the value of land in a place like New York City, lets -- land who, in some cases, are worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause, October said, "Dad, maybe we could see the TED Talk video.
And the talk described in very simple terms that a city under the state is a place where you start with delicious land, a state that specifies the rules that will be applied there and an option so that people can choose if they want to go or not live under those rules.
So the president of Honor called me and told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the path for our country forward.
He asked me to go to Technology and talk about new four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denner and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denner.
Only this airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the advertisements that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that will measure at least 1,000 square kilometers.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everyone was completely clapping.
The face of the public were very serious and attention.
The control leader came up to the platform and said, "Professor Rome, thank you very much for his talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
I have this here in my computer."
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explained the essentials that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be an option of a city that you might be able to be in Hollows, rather than hundreds of miles away to North America.
And it also includes new options for leaders.
Because the leaders of government government would need the help of associated countries, they could benefit from those associated countries that would help them set up and make the rules of the state -- so that everybody could trust that the state is effectively getting up.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is from there.
It could easily take a thousand square kilometers.
And shortly after, January 19, they voted in Congress to turn their Constitution and add a constitutional device that allowed to create these special regions of development.
In a country that had just passed through this painful crisis, the vote in the Congress in favor of this constitutional end was 120 to one.
All the parties, all the factors in society, put it up.
To include the Constitution, you have to take twice in Congress.
The 17th of February was approved again in another voting of 114 to one.
Immediately after the voting of the vote, the 21 to 24 to February -- a detail of about 30 holes went to the two places in the world that are more interested in participating in building cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new new center of the city that's being built in South Korea, bigger than the Boston Center.
Everything you see there was built in four years after they spent four years getting the permission.
The other country interested in city building is Singapore.
In fact, they've built two cities in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this practical way, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come, and at the time they would allow them to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow his Supreme Court to be the ultimate end of the last state for this new legal system.
There are urban and constructive cities that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know you've already solved is that they have a good number of inhabitants.
There are a lot of companies who want to install America, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there's a lot of people who would like to go live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they would like to shift immediately elsewhere.
There's a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents that have to leave back to their family to get a job, sometimes these are foreign mothers who have to earn money to just eat or buy clothes.
Sadly, sometimes even kids are trying to meet their parents who haven't seen in some cases, in some cases, in a decade.
So what do you think about building a new city in Honors?
Or do you build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these all over the world?
What does it seem to be thinking about insisting so that families can pick up between various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my fellow friends asked me to say, "Thank you TED.
I'm Jesus and this is my value.
But before I show you what there is inside, I'm going to make a public confidence, and that is, I live obsessed with the suit.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog browsers, colorful and different for each other.
But I don't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand of film markets and sea stores.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my guardian in the environment and in my wallet.
I get to know some of my money in the general -- my money goes to a good cause. My approach is unique, and buy it becomes my personal search staff.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Was my shop?
Will the color like?
cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel I've won.
Going back to the subject of my value, I want to tell you what I packaged for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do you bring to someone who has all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I suit.
I've brought seven pairs of indoor clothes, and nothing else.
International clothes for exactly a week is all I put in my value.
I imagined that I would be able to find everything else I wanted to use after I got here to Palm Spanish.
And because they don't know me as the woman walking for TED on inner clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now for this week.
Didn't sound interesting.
As I do that, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that, or believe it or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with Sunday.
I call this bright tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to look good.
You can almost be seen by less than 50 dollars.
All the whole thing, including the jacket, cost me 55, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Monday, color is energy.
It's almost impossible to be a bad mood, when you're watching a brilliant red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars is supported.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time to get better.
You just know yourself.
If you surrounded you from the right people, you won't just understand you, you will also appreciate you.
Miracles, the child you carry inside.
Sometimes people tell me that it looks like I play the disasters, or I remind you to their little age of seven years.
I like to smile, and say, "Thank you."
Junes: The trust is the key.
If you think you see you well with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't see you well with something, it's probably also true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the age of 30 who really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person on your inner and outside, you don't see that you can't catch up.
So there's no excuse for anybody from this audience.
We must be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Video: A universal truth six words for you: The golden lentils go with everything.
And finally, saving: developing a personal and unique way is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people approached me this week just by what I was using -- and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all of this is not going to go into my little value.
So before I go home, to Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to get excited emotionally to these things, because at the back of the corner, there will always be another crazy suit, colorful and brilliant thinking, if there's a little love in my heart and search for me.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So, if we used a scale to measure the altitude of every hemisphere, we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who's completely logical.
This would be somebody who's totally intuitive.
So where would you put your brain on this scale?
Some of these things would choose for one of these extremes -- but I think for most of the integrations in this audience, your brain is something like that, with a great altitude in both signals at the same time.
It's not that they're being excited.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider myself one of those people, which just like most other experimental quantum physicists, we need quite logical to match these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need quite a lot of intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition -- well, we like playing with things.
We put them to play with them, and then we see how they react. And then we developed our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
Certain intuition that you may have developed over the years is that one thing can be only in one place at a time.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you're not born with this notion -- they developed it.
I remember watching a child playing in a parking bar.
He was a small child, and I didn't do it very well, always got married.
But I bet that playing with that parking bar taught him a valuable lesson -- and that is that big things don't allow them to take care of them, and they stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have from the world, except you are a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars -- play with these strange little particles.
And when they play with their particles, they find that they do all kinds of really weird things -- like they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations and they called it quantum mechanics.
And at that point you found the physics some years ago, you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you didn't need to describe the big objects that surround us every day.
That didn't fit very well to my intuition -- and maybe it's because it doesn't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, never nobody saw a particle here.
But I didn't get to my logical part.
Because if everything is made out of small particles and all the little particles follow quantum mechanics principles, then shouldn't we all follow the principles of quantum mechanics?
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
So a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in an overlap of quantum mechanics.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the metal piece that I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to extend it a little bit. It's right in the center.
And then here we do a good approach to the small metal trade.
What we see is a little bit of metal metal, with transmission and support on a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would do a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip and I went to work all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this origin with the form of swimming piece that is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum superpower, but it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people get out of doing those things, because I don't want to bother them, or, actually, scary.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The journey of travel of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that is stimulated and the wind that goes on their side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this piece of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to push all the other passengers out.
And that's what we did.
We put the lights off, then we introduced an astronomer and we extracted all the air and then we cool it to a temperature of less than one degree above absolute zero.
Now, by being only on the elevator. The little piece of metal is free to act like I want.
So we measured their movements.
We discovered that it moves in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was vibrating. And the way that I was vibrating was like a breathing like this -- like a supply that expands and contract.
And when you give it a smooth push -- we could make a drink and not fly at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean to be a vibrating thing at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all the triangles of atoms that make that metal piece of metal are standing up, and at the same time, those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in particular instant when those are eliminated.
In the rest of the time they're displayed.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It's worth to lock up in a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the scale in scale between one atom and that piece of metal is more or less the same as the difference between that metal piece of metal and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places, why don't you do it?
I mean, it's my logical part that I talk about.
So imagine if they were in various places at the same time, what would that be?
How do you play your consciousness if your body was delighted in space?
There's another part of the story.
And this is when we heat it, and we turned out the lights and looked inside the box, and we saw that the metal was still there in a single piece.
And I could get to this new intuition -- apparently all objects in the elevator actually are quantum objects that are just made in a small space.
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not that true.
It's more profound than that.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things around you, literally define who you are, and that's the deep strangeness of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is America.
And 18 months ago, I did another work in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss that is here and allowed me to do it.
I took me 18 months.
Many negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums in nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on it.
There's a lot of stories of why we did.
I think my own story is just explained in this slide and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
Google from a great education -- I don't complain -- but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and go to museums I started learning a lot.
And working in Google, I try to make the desire to do more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
I better show you the demo for then to explain a couple of interesting things that we've taken from its launch.
So, let's just go to Popoution.
Look around all the museums that there are.
There's the Uganda Galvao, the MoMA, the Emilitha, the Riowsaken, the Google Google.
I actually go into one of my favorites, to Metropoli, the art museum in New York.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We click and passed, we're already inside the museum.
No matter where they are, Bomb or Mexico, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and get fun.
Do you want to navigate the museum.
We opened the plane up, and with one click, we jump in.
They're inside, you want to go at the end of the hall.
Keep forward. They get diverse."
Explorer.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Cops of Pentagon Brazil in Metropoli.
I see the sign.
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here is all the metal information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the geographic technology.
So this picture, for example, goes on, I think, about 10 million penetrations.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10,000 million pieces?
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10 billion penetrations.
It can run around very simple ways.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this kid, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to deliver.
So I started playing and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "A moment, this looks interesting.
I went into and discovered that kids were actually playing something.
I looked at a little bit, I talked to some of the people from the Metropolitan, and I actually discovered that this is a game called "Internet, which is to hit an hour with a stick of Carter Carter.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even deeper in depth and you'll see that you can actually get even to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to skip the image, so you really see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is coming, a second.
So now we're going to quickly jump back to MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites, "The night Steven."
The example I showed was to find detail.
But what if you want to see the pictures?
And if you want to see how van Gogh actually created this teacher teacher?
It goes up and really do it.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this painting, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is "The night? I think I had never seen it before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There's a lot more things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called "Congestion."
All of you, absolutely all of you, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a song, that gives you the same.
You can online your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we enter -- I've created this function that I call "The power of the loop, -- we just made a drone around.
It's about "The Americans at the National Gallery of London.
You can notice things, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you can contemplating these masterpieces for you.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all amazing things don't really come from Google.
No, in my view, even they don't come from museums either.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that has been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital media do justice to their artwork and that is rapidly represented online.
And the big question I'm doing today is, "You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum.
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
You think it's a piece, a flying grass.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm from Italian origin -- all the kids in Italy grow with this picture on the wall of their bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that something really interesting about formula is one in the last two decades.
A few time ago, if you wanted to win a Farming one, I took a budget and put it into a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the race.
This is what the engineering is called real-time control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components -- a sensor and an action.
What's interesting today is that real control systems are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, over the last few years, have been covered with networks and electronics.
They're becoming a free air computer.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently and they can be detected and accelerated.
Conservative cities is a big thing.
As a note I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the cortex of the planet, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all these detection and activists are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibit from Palestine Antarctic for the late year at MoMA, during the summer.
It's called "Take Uncle Me." (Billing (Boldoid" Man."
Well, our objects, the environment, start talking.
In a way, it's like almost all the existing atoms become sensors and actions.
And that's completely changing the interaction that as humans have with the outer environment.
In a sense, it's almost like the old Girl Dream dream.
You know, when Microsoft angles sculpt the Moses, he said that at the end of the market he took the hammer, and he brought it to the Moses -- you know, you can still see a little bit below -- and he said screaming, "Per non-zero-sum would not talk?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk about.
And I'm going to show you just some examples -- insisting in the idea of taking the environment and act something.
Let's start with detection here.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer of 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup of the world.
Maybe some of you remember it, and they played Italy and France, and at the end of the Zenumba the head gave the head.
And anyway, at the end of the end.
Now let's see what happened that day by looking at activity happening in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the collision in the middle and the Tired River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
For the early afternoon, there are people over here, and there you call calls, moving around.
Start the party, silence.
Gold de France, Glass of Italy.
I go into it, people make a fast call and go to the bathroom.
Second time. End of the regional time.
First extra time, second.
Zincret, and in a moment, the head.
Gang Iraq, yeah.
That night everybody went to celebrate the center.
There you see the great screen.
The next day everyone went to the center to the meeting of the winning team and the first minister of time.
And then everybody went down.
You see the image of the place called Circulation Massachusett where, from the romantic time, people are going to celebrate. It's a great party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we would not have been able to do a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection: it's not about people, but things that we use and consume things.
Today we know everything about the process of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac -- how they are slide.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project, we developed a little bit of small tags to track the trash in its share by the system.
We started with these volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little more than a year ago, to label what they were broken, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that all the way would be killed.
And then we put a little chip on them, a tag tag to the trash and then we started tracking it.
These are the results.
It's from Seattle.
after a week.
With this information, we realized that there are a lot of infections in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that didn't exist.
They're going on complicated things, and there's a lot of unnecessary transport.
But the other thing we believe is that if you look at every day that the cup that we throw doesn't disappear, it's still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we throw up one day still still still there.
And then we can promote some behavior change.
That was the reason of the project.
My colleague at MIT, Asian Bibles, could tell us a lot more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple years ago.
It all started with a question of the city of the city, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of water using water in public spaces in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology can, new technology, will join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop was, imagine that they have a car and valves, solar valves, lengths that open and shut up.
It creates like a water curtain, with water pixels with water.
If you fall out the pixels you can write on them, show patterns, images, text.
And when you zoom in, the curtain will open up so that we can happen, as you see in the picture.
We presented this to the Bell Mayor of it.
I liked it.
And they want a commission to design the building to the entrance of the experiment.
We call it Palestinian Water Pantheon.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows -- but when you get open so you can go through.
The ceiling is also covered with water.
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the satellites, you get down the ceiling.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears, like in this case.
That days there will always be somebody in the winter when they go down the roof, somebody who was there and said, "You know, "Good the building."
No, it's not that they have democrated it, but when it comes down almost all architecture goes away.
Here is in work.
You see the people who are intrigued by what's going on inside.
And here I'm myself trying to get out of me trying to get out of testing the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All Zaron children came to the building, because the way they interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let me happen, but a building that kept making cuts and water holes, and you had to jump out and not get wet.
(Audience noises) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think of use that people will give our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact with people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels -- water pixels and of projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start to fly.
Imagine that you could have little helicopters in the air, and each one had a little pixel that changes color like a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw before, that moves with others in synchrony.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal -- but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of penalteesters.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen will appear in different scales and sizes.
And then all of that could be a cloud of pressures in 3D that you can zoom in, and you can go back, and see from very different angles.
This is the real Florida Conference, going down to form a V, like before.
When you turn the light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by one person.
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people, from the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bolly -- one of the best ballet dancers today, the star of New York City and Miller Scale -- to capture its 3D movements and use them as an entry for Lewis.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pixels -- capture in different resolution.
It's so much 3D dignity in real time as movement capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can run all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and rotation with.
We want to use this as a possible entry for Lewis.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- almost like a cloud of cloud -- like the big bridge, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could get everybody to give them a little bit for a piece.
And I think the remarkable thing has happened over the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we moved from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and Obama campaign showed you, we can move from the digital world, the self-confident power of networks, to the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That means something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today, think about climate change or CO2 emissions. How will we move from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people engage in doing this together, collectively, collective form.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud are penetrations.
It's a physical structure in London, but it covered permission.
You can move into the inside, have different experiences.
You can see from the bottom, serve to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympics.
So, it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something you can rise, as a new top of London.
You can get there.
As if it was a new digital signature at night, but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are?
Suppose I told you that, with only a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- for more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe they would like to be in better ways, to be stronger to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and insurance of themselves?
What about living more with good health?
Or maybe these people who always wanted to be more creative.
What's the most thing that would like it?
What would you like to, if you could choose something?
(Music of Audience: Creativity."
How many people would choose creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see.
A few of them probably went to the number of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many of you would choose memory?
A few more.
What about physical state.
A little less.
How about length?
Ah, most of it makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just just imagination?
Or maybe it's possible?
Evolution has been a permanent theme here at the TED conference, but today I want to give you a look at a doctor on the subject.
The great gene generation of the 20th century, T. Dobaa, who also was supported in the Church Office Russia, wrote a test called "No Bill in biology makes sense to the light of evolution.
But if you actually accept biological evolution to consider this: is it just about the past, or the future?
Does it mean others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well in an end, is, of course, the one we're interested in.
We stopped a common ancestry with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
In the interview there has been maybe 20 or 25 different species of hospitals.
Some of them have gone and forth.
We've been here about 130 years.
It might seem like we're very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, most of the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat diabetes.
This is not like human insulin -- but it's the same protein, chemically indicator, which comes out of the pancreas coming out.
And talking about bacteria -- do you realize that we all carry in the most bacteria than the cells we have on the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, do you think -- when Antonio Damage raises the people from the authority, you think about bacteria?
The gut is a wonderfully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, heroin, it's very disconnected.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that can want no effort from their parts.
It's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some force to the salt.
But for others, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential to our life.
They help digest essential nutrients and protect us from certain diseases.
But what are the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or meant to become something different, something maybe better adapted to the environment?
In this vast symphony of the universe, the life on Earth is like a brief company, the animal kingdom, as a single and only company, and human life, a small note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the whole part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I went to college, I had my first class of biology.
I was fascinated by the elegant and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution and realized something fundamental -- most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, each single cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy in that cell is transmitted to the two daughter cells.
But when the multicellular organisms come along, things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome, the rest of the body becomes pressure.
In fact, you could say that the inevitability of death of the body goes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to tell you that when I was a college student I thought, well, sex, sex, sex -- it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year I went on, every time I had more doubt.
I came to understand the feelings of George Burbie who still act in Las Vegas well entered its 90 years.
And one night someone hits their hotel door.
He opens the door.
So in front of him he finds a magnificent little dancer dancer dance.
He looks at it and he says, "I was looking for a sex system.
"It's right." He says George, "I choose the supply."
I realized, as a doctor, who was working for a different target to the objective of evolution, not necessarily control, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to stay healthy.
I wanted to recover health in disease.
I wanted you to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is to pass the genome to the next generation, adapting and surviving generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are like reference rockets designed to send the genetic charge to the next open level, and then let me fall to the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling that Woody Allen is when he said, "I don't want to achieve the immortality through my work.
I want to make it not die."
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
I don't necessarily favor the bigger or the louder or the fastest and even the smartest one.
Evolution favors creatures better adapted to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean, the emergent bacteria that can survive the heat of the smoke that would produce -- if there were fish there, fish cooked to the cow, however, have managed to do that a disconnected environment.
So what this means is, when we look at what's happening in evolution and if we go back to think about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward to the next phase in the following: I would say there's a lot of possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, we have been able to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discarded and removed from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we have confirmed our environment to be adapted to us as we adapt to it.
And by the way, we mixed, we climb, we choose so much that it's no longer possible to have the isolation necessary for evolution.
A second possibility is that you produce an evolution of traditional type, natural the nature of nature.
And the argument here would be that the gears of evolution are coming down, but they're instinctive.
And in the installation: when as a species we colonize distant planets are going to exist, and environmental changes that can produce natural evolution.
But there is a third possibility -- an attractive possibility.
The so-called newspaper, the new evolution, which is not just natural but guided and chosen by us as individuals in the decisions that we will make.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we do this?
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more males than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what is choosing at the individual and family level.
And also think that if you could be able to choose not just the sex of your desert, but in your own body to do the genetic adjust to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could make genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce the risk of cancer or remove the advice?
Would you want to make those changes in your genes.
If you look at the future that kind of change is going to be increasingly possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990, and it was 13 years old.
It cost 2,600 million dollars.
The next year of having done, in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a full sequence of the three billion base base pairs at a cost close to the 20,000 and on a week.
It's not going to be a lot to be done for the human genome for 1,500 and more and more to the scope of all.
These changes.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immunity against other viruses.
Believe or there is no experimental trial in course with the vaccine against cultural influenza.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the toilet?"
That's reality today, and in the future it's going to be increasingly possible.
Imagine just two little changes.
Can you change the cells of your body, but if you could change the cells of your desert?
And if they could change the sperm and the volumes, or change the next filter volume, and give your children a better chance of a healthier life, remove the diabetes, eliminating the home, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want the healthier children?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce changes to prevent diseases is also going to allow us to adopt an associated hyper-seasons -- a better memory.
Why not have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennisman on everything if you could increase it with the next generation of the Watson machine.
Why not have a faster control muscle that allowed us to run faster and more distance?
Why not live longer.
This is going to be intrinsically.
And when we are in conditions of spending this to the next generation, and we could adopt the attributes that we wanted to have turned into the evolution of the benefit in the neuroscience.
We're going to take a process that could normally take 100,000 years old, and we can compress it to 1,000 years and maybe happens within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have to have them.
Are we going to use these options in the expense of a better society, more successful, more considerable?
Or are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very big society.
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the most profound thing about all: Are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit wisdom necessary to make these decisions understandably?"
For good or worse, and before what you might think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explosion when you're at 900 feet tall.
Imagine a plane full of smoke.
Imagine a motor making clock, click, clock.
Close, click, shut up. It sounds scary.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. I was sitting in the day.
It was the only one who could talk to flight assaults.
So immediately I looked at them, and they said, "There is no problem. We probably hit some birds.
The pilot had already seen the plane, and we weren't so far away.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot runs the plane with the Hudson River.
That's usually not the route.
The engines went off.
Imagine being in a plane and no noise.
And then he said three words.
The three most devastating words I've ever heard.
He said, "I'll be ready for the impact."
I didn't have to talk more about flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terror. Life was over.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in a second.
We have this list of things to do before die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to come in, and I didn't do it, all the fence I wanted to repair -- all the experiences I wanted to have and I never had.
As I thought about that later, I came up with a sentence, which is, "Connection was bad comes.
Because if the wine is ready, the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, really changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is while we took the George Washington Bridge -- that I wasn't very much -- I thought about it.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity, I have tried to improve all I did.
But in my humanity, I also gave place to my ego.
And I regret the time that I wasted in things that didn't matter with people who matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a measure of that, I decided to remove the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels about wonder.
I don't try to be right. She chose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock goes down, 15, 14, 13.
You see the water coming.
I'm saying, "Please fly.
I don't want this to be broken in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of, wheel, die doesn't fear fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for that all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to leave. I love my life.
And that sadness was sent into a single thought, which is, I just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my children grow.
A month later, I was in an update of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent -- still --  And I scream, I cried.
And for me, that was the whole reason of being the world.
At that point, I understood those two points, which the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
For all of all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I was a miracle -- not to die that day.
And I was connected to another gift that was the possibility to look at the future and go back and live in another way.
You guys are flying today, the challenges to imagine that the same thing happens on your plane -- and please don't be like that, but imagine, and how would they change?
What would they do, that they still hope to do because they think they're going to live forever, right?
How do you change their relationships and the negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents that you can."
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great thing I worked in was for this guy.
The guy is called TEDx.
TEDTalk was one of the most important graffiti of the 1980s.
And one day he came home after running and said, "Dad, I feel a sea in the legs."
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today TED has total paralysis.
It can only use your eyes.
Their work influences me.
I have a company of design and animation so obviously, graffiti is something intricate that we admire and respect in the world of art.
So we decided that we were going to pay Tony TEDTalk, and to its cause.
So I went and met his brother and father and I said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with him?
And his brother said, "I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and he's able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second is not that I've seen Stephen Hawking -- not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices?
And he said, "No, unless you are somebody important, you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then?"
Anybody saw the film "The Stewart and the Marine?
They communicate in that way -- they go through the finger.
I said, "That's art. How can it be?
So I introduced myself with the only desire to deliver a check, and instead of that signed a check, I had no idea how I was going to cover it.
I engaged with her brother and his father there at that precise moment, "All right, this is the thing: Tony is going to speak, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to make her art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much in your inner can't communicate it.
So I talked to a conference a couple of months later.
I met these guys named GPS "Research" Restinct Lab, which has a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface, and then with a laser score, they draw on that and register the negative space.
So they go around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that come in, they say, they're part of a cycle of life.
They first start with sexual organs, then with the bad words, then with the attacks to Bush, and at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentation.
And so the journey began.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and so far to move things from one side we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we play the gates of insurance companies, and we got a machine so that TEDx could communicate -- a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun. I call it You Good because when you talk to the guy, you get an email from it, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy is fantastic."
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers from all over the world -- literally every corner of the planet -- our house.
My wife, kids and I, moved to the back of the back and these hackers and programmers and controls and analysis took control of the house.
Many of our friends thought that we did something completely stupid and that when we went back and forth the squares of the walls and instead would have graph.
But for two weeks, we were programming -- we went to the Marine Marine Stage, my son was a part, my dog too, and we created this.
It's called Royal "Intelligence: Now you can see the description ...
They are a couple of cheap sunglasses that we bought on the Mars Beach, some copper wire and things from Homer Department and Radio Shahr.
We took a PMS camera, we open it, we put it on a light of LED and now there's a device that is free -- it builds yourself. We published the free code -- the software goes down into free.
And we create a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says, "No."
There's no hospital that I can say, "No."
Any person with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicate using just their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much to you. That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the TEDx room.
I love this picture because this is another person's room and that's his room.
There was all this bulleting and attack during the great opening.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming, intense sessions all night, Tony went back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life, and he's looking through the support system of his life.
We ran the bed so he could see.
And we put a project on a wall in the outside of the hospital.
And he came back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and he would imagine what was the feeling of the parking feeling.
The funny thing was that we had to draw in the parking lot, so we felt like we were reading graffiti as well.
At the end of this he sent us an email and this was what he said, "This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I'd been underwater, and somebody finally came to rescue me and get me out of there so I could breathe.
Isn't it amazing?
In a way, that's our war screen.
That's what keeps us moving.
And we have a long way to go through this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've gained a lot of awards.
Remember, it's free. None of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were like, "Oh, this is fantastic.
Armstrong tweet something about us, and then, in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the top 50 inventions of 2010, and it was really cool.
The best thing about all of this -- and this is what ends up close to the circle, is that in April of this year in the Germany of the MOCA in downtown Los Angeles is going to be an exhibition called "Trick in the Streets."
And Art in the streets is going to have the best developments of urban art at the Berlin Fabride, Stewart Farmer, CANCCAR -- all of them are going to be there.
TEDTalk is going to be in the show which is pretty impressive.
So, basically this is my idea: if you see something that's not possible, make it possible.
None of what's in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the Wikipedia, nothing was possible at a certain time.
Make it possible, anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with the ocular recognition technology, I just recognized something and I teamed up with wonderful people to be able to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want all of us to do every day when we find something that we feel that you need to do. If it's not now, what? And if I'm not me, what?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years getting in very difficult situations and at the same time a little dangerous.
I went to jail.
I worked in a coal mine.
I filmed in areas of war -- difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating this -- fun at first, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career, I've been diving in situations in horrible appearance with the only goal of trying to try and examine social issues in ways that are attractive, interesting, and hopefully to analyze them in a way that you see entertained and accessible for the audience.
So when I knew I would come here to make a TEDTalk about the world of brands and the pathogen I wanted to do something a little different.
So some may have heard it, or not a couple weeks ago, I took a bird in Ebrust.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, I offered the rights of the name of my TEDTalk in 2011.
What I had was the following: "Am I "American "The Now "The Now My TEDTalksa: my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is about and as content could exploit it in the face, especially if I put it in ridicule to you or your company when you do it.
But I said, it's a very good media opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
Thank you.
It's a title in progress, by the way.
So even with that savings, I knew someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago, I hadn't been able to tell you with certainty.
But in the new film that I'm working on, we looked at the world of marketing, the advertising.
And as I said before, I've been in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could be prepared -- nothing could anticipate you, for something as dangerous or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Morgan Slow"yer I want to do a film that deals with the production of products and marketing and advertising, and that the whole film is funded with product and marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to be called "The largest movie ever selling.
What happens in "The biggest movie ever selled is that everything up to the bottom, in principle to end, has brand images, all the time, from the association that appears before the title, the X brand.
Now this brand -- Lake State, the Station Center.
These people will be associated with peacekeepers -- forever.
And so the film explores all this idea. Microsoft Kambia: It's reductive. That's what? (Microsout is reductive." Is it reductive.
I'm a redundant pen. (Microsoft, I just say that. It was more by effects.
It was "Peace." forever."
But we're not just going to have the X-ray pathogen on the title but we're going to make sure we are going to make sure all the categories we could in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe, and it becomes the most cool shoe you've used to.
The most great car you have driven in "The largest movie ever sells, the best triumph you have babies, corresponds to "The largest movie ever selling.
David Kathavoise) The idea is then besides showing brands as part of life, make them fund the film? (Microsoucest, make the film fund the film." MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The whole movie goal is transparency.
You're going to see the whole process in this film.
That's the whole idea, the whole film of beginning to end.
And I would love that Challenge help make it happen.
Robert Friedman: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that -- it's the ultimate respect for the audience.
And yet, I don't know how responsive people are going to be.
JC: You have a perspective -- I don't know if "Bank is very negative, but you know how it's going to reproduce? (Microsoucest, no idea. David China: How much money do you need to do this?
MS: A million and a half  DK: All right. John Kambia: I think it's going to be hard to meet the meeting with them, but certainly it's going to be worth convincing a couple of big brand.
JC: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the movie comes out, we look like a lot of algae allowance.
MS: What do you think it's going to be the answer?
Stuart Rural," most of the answers will be not."
MS: But will be hard to sell it, the film or for being I?
JK: Both things.
MS: ... means you're not very optimistic.
So help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. (Microsoft: Okay. Awesome.
MK: We have to think about the brands.
MS: Yeah. (Microsoft: That's the challenge. When you look at the people you have to deal with.
MK: We have some places where to go. (Music: OK. Turn out the camera.
MS: I thought it turned out the camera, it meant we have a conversation outside the microphone.
It turns out the camera means "We don't want to know anything about your film.
MS: And so it was, one by one, all these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was shocked.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very impressed -- I thought the concept of advertising, was to introduce the product to as many people as possible, to make so many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the separate media scenario is not the idea to tell that new vehicle of attention that is going to lead to the mass message?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a gravitational mistake, and that error was this.
Actually, no, there was no mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what it represents this picture.
See, when you look for transparency images in Google --   -- this is one of the first images that come up.
I like your way to roll, Sergey Brit. No.
This was the problem: the transparency -- free of simulation or deception, easily detected or seen, easily detecting or seen, easily understandable, which is characterized by visualizing or information, especially in business practices.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name, the president the name, even the CEOs would name it.
But all of a sudden when it comes to making it really something changes a lot.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear --  like that weird bear that still goes on right.
It's predictable.   Like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it risky?
You get a whole bunch of Colorado White.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and tell them we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell you a story.
We want you to tell you a story, but you tell our story."
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he was looking at how he used to do -- he said, "Son, there's three sides in every story.
There's your story, there's my story, and there's the real story.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wants to help me -- and that only because I knew John Bond and Richard Kirabilian in many years -- I realized I would have to go through my mind, I would have to take away and go to companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to realize -- what I started to realize -- is that when you start to talk to the companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big movies -- huge, giant and others who make small, independent movies, like mine.
And my friends who make a big Hollywood movie, giant giants, say that the reason their films are so successful is due to the associated brands that they have.
And then my friends who make independent movies say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant movie films?
And the movie is called "The largest movie ever selling.
How are we going to see Bank in the movie.
Every time I am to go out, every time I open my boot, you'll see the Bank destruction.
At any time during an interview with somebody I can say, "Do you get fresh for this interview.
You're ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you calm up.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview."
And there was one of these fabulous authorities.
Both Florida Florida like "Veronica Standard will have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man as for a woman, solid, balloon, barrier, whatever.
That's the general look.
Now I can answer his questions and give you a presource view.
Karen Frank: We're a small brand.
And similar to the smaller kind of movies that you told -- we are more well a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that has other brand.
So doing things like that, you know, remind people to people is why we're interested in.
MS: What words would you use to describe Bank?
Bank is on white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: The upper technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put into the spark.
Man: We talked about something audacious -- fresh.
I think the fresh thing is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus the smell and the subway."
It keeps you cold.
How do you keep a lot more time? With better free, more cold, three times more cold.
Things like those who make the benefits.
MS: And that's a multi-collar company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to the man from the street, to the people like me, to the commons.
They have to talk to me about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand?
Man: Member my brand?
I don't know.
I like the good clothing.
Woman: I'll go back to the 1980s, pathological pathology unless it is day.
MS: Okay, what is the Green brand?
Grand" -- something unique. Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style I have would be like a dark Glass.
I like the dark colors, a lot of gray colors and things like this.
Usually I carry access like sun glasses, or I like crystals and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic consumption: Merestors Ben.
Man 2: The brand that I am, I would call it capital flight."
Woman 2: In part hypothetical, in part of YouTube, in part of the Biosphere girl, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of markers.
I sell toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I go into the market.
Man 5: March cocklear March.
Is that something?
lawyer, I'm a lawyer.
Tom, I'm Tom.
MS: Well, we can't all be brand, but I often get involved in the intersection of dark Gluck and capital flight?
I realized that I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could go into my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the market perspective.
And I found a company called Olympic Zaleon in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like New Ferenzember, February, Halloweer to discover that brand personality.
If they could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
Abanga: It's the photos, right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a family picture.
A: Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me from that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world that you live in, as the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are organized and start in a place and in my case and start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next day is, "This was the best day of my life."
A: How does this relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like who I want to be.
I like different things.
I like weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell me about why we do that?
What's the machine? What is the post-conflict password now?
Why is it important to reconstruct? What does the red mean?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little bit more of you, which is not who you are.
What other metaphors have you have?
You don't have to fear -- what kind of rural mountain you are?
MS: Yellow."  Thank you.) No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patient. MS: Great job. A, yeah. (Microsoft: Thank you very much. All right.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of madness.
Linux Zalen: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides -- but complex, in your brand personality, the brand Morgan Lockett is a consumer brand.
They shoot very well together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong dots or the other rather than focus on both.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's human nature -- to avoid the things that are not sure -- avoid fear -- those elements, and you actually give them a little bit of cardiac and make them become a positive thing for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are this?
The first here is the classic here, Apple.
And you can see here to Train, Wine, minister of Mini Cooper and Jehonan.
Now there are playful marks and conscious brands -- those things that have gone and come but a property brand is pretty powerful.
MS: A penty paper. What's your brand?
If anybody asks you to describe your brand identity, your brand personality person, what would it be?
Are you a search attractive? Are you somebody who makes blood flow?
Or are you rather a description?
A little bit more called a little bit more carefully, reserved, conservative?
The advanced attributes are like being long to be fresh, like the Prince, contemporary control, adventure, attacked or bold as Eralisma Flank, fast or glass, professor, dominant or mystic or mystic as Gabby.
Or are you a lot more attractive attractiveness?
Are you conscious, sophisticated like 500?
Are you stupid, traditional professional, protected, protected protections?
Are you reliable, stable, familiar, confident, safe, sacred or safety, like the Dalai Lama or Your YouTube?
In the course of this film, we had over 500 companies, advanced and description, who said, "No, they didn't want to make part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they didn't have control, they wouldn't have control on the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of the neurogenesis, and we came to tell the story in this film of how they now use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain so much for commercial marketing as for film.
We went to San Paulo where they have banned free air advertising.
In the entire city over the last five years, there are no cartoons, there's no valley, no volunteers.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing road in schools with leadership problems in America.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer or which I've been more successful are the ones I've been interacting in.
And that's what these brands did.
They took up the internals, they took their agencies, and they said, maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to treat directly with artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that's going to do to think about people, which is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how have you been gone? Did they get successful.
Well, since the movie starts in the Sunday Festival we take a look.
According to Burroughs the film broke into January, and since then, and this is not -- we've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covers only a period of two and a half weeks.
That's just online, no press or TV.
The film is still not distributed yet.
It's not online. It's not in sacred.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not bad because almost all the agencies we talked about was going to be attributed to their customers not to be part.
I've always believed that if you risk it, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you pull people out of that is pushing them into failure.
I think that when you train your employees in the risk of the risk you're preparing all your company to lack reward.
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We need to encourage people to have no fear of the opportunities that they can scare them.
Ultimately, moving forward, I think we have to give it to the fear.
We have to put that bear into a cage.
We open the fear. We embrace risk.
From one crash at a time, we have to embrace the risk.
And ultimately, we have to go to transparency.
More than ever a little bit of honesty is going to run a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk "Beauty Transplant has been presented by my good friends of EMm who by 1700, bought the rights of the name in Eberge.
EM: By turning big data in big opportunities for companies around the world.
EMm presents "Argue Transmission."
Thank you very much people.
June Cohen: So, Morgen, in name of transparency, which happened exactly with those 17th 1700s?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a cheese in the name of the TED Matrica organization, the Salty Foundation, a 75-year-old chicken to be applied to my TED attendance for the next year.
The idea behind the Stanford computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the Aurora engineering plant in Nagaru.
The gray boxes that you see are real-time control systems.
If we can compromise these systems that control speeds and values, we can cause a lot of problems with the center.
Great boxes are not using Windows software -- it's a completely different technology.
But if we were able to put an effective virus of Windows in a laptop used by an engineer to confirm this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Stanford.
We started with a Windows.
The face goes into the gray box, damage the center, and the Iranian nuclear program is democrated, missing mission.
It's easy, huh?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started research about Station six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing you knew is that it's very, very complex in the Wildelloway part -- the installed was using multiple divided vulnerability.
It seemed to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That was called the attention, and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Stanford, and we saw what happened with this.
So very strange things happened.
Stanford was behaving as a lab rat that he didn't like our cheese," I waves, but I didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense for me.
And after experimenting with different cheese flavors -- I realized, and I thought, this is a driven attack.
It's completely dead."
The installation is looking at actively in the gray box if you find a specific confidence, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working in that place.
If not, Stanford does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal is."
It could be, say, for example, an American power plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
I better discover the target soon.
So we extracted and we discovered the attack code, and we discovered that it was structured in two digital bombs -- a small and a big.
We also saw that they were armed very deeply by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the points that I would attack.
You probably even know how much the operator is.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the Stanford installed is complex and high technology, let me say, "Catholism is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this attack code.
We're talking about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old astronauth language.
I want to tell you how we could find this code.
What we looked at at the beginning were called the system of the system, because we know what they do.
And then we looked for temperatures and data structures and tried to relate to the real world, with real objective potential in the world.
We need the news theory that we can approve or disappear.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent satisfaction, it has to be a valuable white, and it's surely located in Iran, because that's where most infections have been reported.
You don't find several thousands of targets in that area.
It basically boils down to the Bush nuclear power plant and to the Navia engineering plant.
So I said to my assistant, "I get a list of all the experts in retirement and energy plants between our clients.
I called them and I consulted them in an effort for solving their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital weight with the control of the robot.
The robot is that mobile part inside the center, that black object you see.
If you manage the speed of this robot, you certainly can burn it and even make the penny explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and describe in an obvious effort to go back crazy to management engineers, so they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to figure out the big digital neighbor looking very closely at data and their structures.
So, for example, the 1964 number 160 dollars in that code, cannot be obvious.
I started researching scientific literature about how these centers are built in Nairobi and found that they're structures in what's called a career, and each waterfall contains 160 cents.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better still.
These centers in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attack code.
A almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
To be not marriage, it wasn't like this.
The results have been achieved after several weeks of hard work.
We typically ended up in warmer cartilages, and we had to start again.
And yet, we found that both digital ears were pointing to one and same goal, but from different angles.
And the small lady is taking a card, and by doing the rocks and raising them, and the big lady communicates with six cards and manipulating valves.
In addition, we're very confident that we've determined what's the destroy.
It's Natalie, and it's just Naine.
We shouldn't worry that other targets are achieved by Stanford.
Here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There is the gray box, and it turns out the centers.
What this thing does is to intercept the input values of sensors for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provides legitimate code, which still execute during the attack, with false input data.
And believe or not, this fake entrance data is prevented by Stanford.
It's like the Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera feeds a pregnant video.
Is it great ahead?
The idea here is obviously not just building operations in the fourth control.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is to build a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the big steam turbine is going on, you have to open escape valve in a military.
Obviously, this can't do it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they are committed, then they can pass bad things.
The plant can explode.
And neither the operating system or the security system will notice it.
That scares that.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think of this. This attack is generic.
It has nothing to do, specifically, with centers, with uranium embedded.
It could also work as well, for example, in an energy plant, or in an automotive factory.
It's genetic.
And you don't have a attack -- which is to disseminate this load with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Stanford.
You could also use conventional technology of worms to disseminate it.
Disappear the most possible.
And if you do that, you would end up with a mass of mass destruction.
That's the consequence we should face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan.
All green areas are spaces with great numbers of goals.
We have to face the consequences and better we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Rapiday, it's been public on many sides that people assume that the museum is the main entity behind this.
What's your opinion?
Ralph Langer: Okay, you really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My view is that the museum is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber survival.
There is one alone, and that's the United States, fortunately, fortunately fortunately.
Because, otherwise, our problems would be even larger.
CA: Thank you for advanced. Thank you, Raley.
I want you to imagine a robot that can be carried up and give you a solar skills, or another one that makes users of wheelchair go up and walk again.
In Berkeley Bionics: We call these robots, exoskeletons.
They're not different from something you put in the morning, it gives you a great force -- that you also increase your speed, and I help you, for example, to handle the balance.
It's actually the real integration of man and machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other external persons.
This is not a real idea.
So to show you now in what we're working on now we started talking about the American soldier who, in average, has to take on their back a 45 pounds, and it's getting out to take even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries in the back, 30 percent of soldiers -- with chronic days.
We decided to build this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help handle the issue.
Let me introduce you to Hunkering -- or Open Human Carcotings.
Soldier: With the HIV/AIDS exoskeleton I can put 90 pounds per variable land for many hours.
Their flexible design, allows you to put up and execute movements with great advance.
I think what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then increases my strength and my resistance.
"Hey Bendar: We're ready, with our industrial partner to produce this device, this new exoskeleton this year.
I mean, it's a reality.
Let's go back now to the users of wheelchair chairs, about what I'm particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people roughly, in wheelchair chairs, all over the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation here.
We talk about something that happens with frequency, very young people, with damage in the vertical column that when you start their life -- to the 20, 30 or 40 years -- collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that is growing up quickly.
Their only choice, many times -- by a brain injury or some other complicated -- is the wheelchair chair.
And this has been that for the last 500 years, from its successful appearance, as I have to recognize.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter about mobility.
Let me introduce you to the Elephanies who are using Amanda Boston who was doing 19 years ago in the vertical column, and as a result couldn't walk for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Bohn," thank you.
EB: Ashan is using our Elephanies, which I mentioned.
It has a few sensors.
It's completely not invasive in the crutches that send signals to the computer standard, here in the back.
So here are some batteries that give power to the motors in the hip. And on the knees, and they make it progress with this soft and very natural story.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, by a strange jump in the air, skiing costs down I was paralyzed down.
In a fraction of a second, I lost all sensation and all of the movement of the pig down.
Shortly after a doctor I walked into my room in the hospital, and he said, "Amazon, you'll never walk again."
That happened 19 years ago.
And so I stole to the last piece of hope of my being.
The adaptation technology since then, it has allowed me to learn to slide down the bottom in schools, scale rocks and even riding in a bike bicycle.
But they haven't invented anything that allowed me to walk, until now.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not just from soldiers, but to Amazon, and all users of wheelchair chairs, everyone.
AB: Thank you.
I just returned from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the battle, practice sex to say hello, and play is the order of the day -- where fun is serious.
And no, it's not the Mandarin Mandard Festival or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, meet their cousins.
This is the world of wild bonobos in the Congo forests.
Bonoths are along with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives, their closest lives.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, that lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known for the agriculture.
But unfortunately, we've done too much skill in this aspect in our narratives of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big guys, frightening society, bonus society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special because this leads to a very tolerant society where the mortal violence hasn't been observed yet.
But unfortunately, the bonobos are the least understood of the big apes.
They live in the depths of the Congolese forest, and it's been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradigm -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the story -- the scenario of a violent conflict that has been spread for decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War.
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts the survival of the bomb.
The care of hunting meat and deforestation make you not fill up or a stadium with the bonobos that stay in the world, and honestly, we are not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos you can hear the hidden laughter by making the trees.
Who are these prime?
We know them as the sizes of love, not the war -- because they have frequent sex -- primary and bisexual sex to handle conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of bonobos is more than the Kame Sub.
Behind the bones, like humans, they love playing throughout their life.
Play is not just a game of children.
For us and for them, play is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance.
We learn to trust, and we learn the rules of play.
Play increases creativity and resilience and it has to do with the generation of diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity.
And when you look at the Bonobo game you see the evolutionary roots of laughter and dance and human rituals, and human ritual roots.
Play is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique unique videos taken from the wild.
First of all, it's a banker game game, and I don't talk about football.
Here's a female and a young male in the middle of a personalized.
Look what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, "You've got it from the balls.
I just think that in this case, he loves it, right?
Yeah.
So sex game is common in bonobos like humans.
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play like textures, and also how play requires trust and funding trust -- and at the same time is the most fun.
But the game is political.
The game is polio, it can adopt a lot of ways, some of which are more completely, imagination, curious -- maybe the place where the staggering is.
And I want you to see -- this is Fuel, a young female who is playing with water.
I think that, as it does, we sometimes play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and outer worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact with, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real sign of creativity.
These are just small samples of understanding that bonobos give us our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a more and more difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, play is our adapt.
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play.
But do we take advantage of our game capacity.
The game is not free.
Play is essential.
For Bonobo and humans for the same, life is not just cruel and delicate.
When it looks like the least appropriate thing, they can be the moments that it's the most urgent thing.
So primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we rediscover creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York I'm responsible for a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I combat fires as a captain assistant.
And in our city, where volunteers have highly skilled staff, you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to go into action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer in the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But there was still a career on foot against the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was.
When I found Captain when I found the captain in a conversation with the owner that I certainly would go through one of the worst days of his life.
We were on top night, she was standing out in the rain, under a umbrella in a short, desert, while his house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I just arrived before I --   Lether Luther Luther --  came up to the captain and he asked him to go and save the dog of the house.
The dog. I was so happy."
There was a lawyer or a management of money that during the rest of his life, I would have to tell people that I entered a building in calls to save a live living just because I was born for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me an action.
He said, "Bells, I need to get to the house.
I need to go up, go through the fire, and brings this woman a couple of shoes a couple of shoes.
I swear it.
It was not exactly what I expected but I was -- I went out the stairs, at the end of the hallway -- I went to the real firemen that at that high altitude had ended up shooting the fire and entered the main room for a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my load back on the ladder where I met my Numbers and the price dog on the main door.
We pulled out of the house for the head of home where, as it was to expect, their theory received much more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department got a letter from the house of home grateful by the brave effort shown to save his house.
The kindness that she looked at about the other was that somebody had reached him even a couple of shoes.
Both of my voice in Robin Hood, as my voice as a volunteer fireman." I'm a witness of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also about grace and courage.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So, when I look in this room to people who have done, or they're for achieving -- remarkable levels of success, I'd like to remind you this: Don't wait.
They don't wait for the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give, give it now.
They serve food in a dining dining park.
They're mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone's life, but every day we're going to be able to influence someone's life.
So they go into the game -- save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, back.
Mark Berkels: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a great admiration of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1868 with a very simple idea: cement modules of a fixed measurement that fit into each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used building unit in the world.
They've allowed us to build bigger things than us, like buildings or bridges, a brick at once.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947 to LGBT came up with this.
It's called automatic assembly square.
And in a few years, the LGBT bricks came to every home.
It's estimated that they've made over 400 billion or 75 brick per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineering to build beautiful bridges or buildings or homes.
LGBT did it accessible.
LEDs just adopted the block of concrete, the favorite in the world, and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to address the new building block.
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would take us from a world of aesthetic brick sponsored each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Just like the content block -- the transistor allows you to create much bigger and more complex circuits a brick at once.
But there's a main difference: The transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to the experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started to develop Litts.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Littles are electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're predicted to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about it is that they get together through magnets together.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a color code.
The green is the salt, the blue is the current, the pink is the input and the orange color is the shoe.
So you just have to assemble a blue with a green one, and very quickly you can start doing bigger circuits.
A blue with one green is producing light.
We can put a button in the middle and we have a regulator on it.
If we change the button for a pulse module. It's here, and now we have an inclusive light.
We add this size to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond simple game, Litts are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program and connect and soldier, Litts allow us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To make it faster or slower, you just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind heights is that it's a growing collection.
We want all of the interactions in the world to be reduced to the bricks ready to use.
lights, sound, solar panels -- everything must be accessible.
We've given Littles to children to see them playing with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how you start to understand the electronics of every day you don't learn in schools.
For example, how a daylight works, or why the door of an elevator holds open up, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also led Littles to design schools.
So, for example, designers without an electronic experience start playing with Litts as a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and final bottles -- we have George creating George.
(Audience metaphor?  So a few weeks ago, we took Littles to the designers of Rhode Island design designers, which have no experience in engineering, just in cardboard, wood and paper, and we said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that has done, which is an act of controlled content by movement.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a land made of plastic that is afraid of darkness.
For these not engineers, Litts became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be aware of all.
So Litts have open code.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and make them.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world we live, this interactive world, is ours.
So ahead and invention.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company seeks to engage with the environment focusing on the environment.
It's distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Memmics. Wait a moment.
You can get a little bit in charge.
We can get better on the video on one side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
Solar technology is ...
Oh, I think about the time?
Thank you very much. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that's supposed to hate -- we asked them to work on government.
The initiative was called Congo for America and they would be like some Peace Body for technologies.
We selected some members every year, and we put them to work with the members.
Instead of sending them to the Third world, we send them to the manufacture world.
They made great applications -- they worked with the municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
You know Al.
It's a hydrogen of the city of Boston.
Here it appears as if I look for a quote, but what really looks for is that somebody cleans it when she has been trapped by snow because he knows it's not very good at turning fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did he ask for aid in this simple way?
Last year in Boston we had a team of Congo for America.
They were there in February and at that time I spent a lot of last year.
They realized that the city never clean these hydrogens.
But one of the members called Erik Higgs -- I noticed something else, that citizens cleaned up with backs right in front of them.
So he did like any good programmer, developed an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a hydrant hydrogen.
You accept to clean it up as a snow.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case, put it.
If you don't do it, someone can steal it.
I mean, it has a playful component.
It's a modest app.
Maybe it's the smallest one in the 21 scheduled applications last year.
But it does something that no other government technology does.
And it spreads in a viral form.
A sustainability responsible of the city of Honopposing by seeing this app realized that he could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to adopt tons of tsunami.
It's very important to work these tsunami seasons, but people are stealing the batteries of the batteries.
That's why they ask citizens to control them.
And then Seattle. And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens take the deserts off.
And Chicago just launched it to make people register to clean sidewalks when snow.
So now we know nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has been spread without fractions, in a way organic and nature.
If you know a little bit of government technology you know this doesn't normally happen.
software acquisition typically takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that having done it by normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not nothing.
Now there's a project in the California power power that until the moment has cost two billion dollars and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this in every level of government.
So an app that is programmed in a couple of days and distributed in a viral form is a kind of warning of warning to the institution of government.
It suggests the better ways to work, not as in private companies, like many people think it should be.
Nor as a technological company, but more like the Internet itself.
I mean, no restrictions in the open and generative way.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents the way to address the question of the government that has new generation, not as a problem of an advanced institution but as a collective action problem.
And that's really good because it turns out we are very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy.
And it's not just Code for America, but there are hundreds of people all over the country who contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given by the government.
They feel a great frustration in front of that, but they don't complain -- they fix it.
And these people know something we've lost of view.
And that is that if we leave the feelings on politics, the line at the DMV -- and all of those other things that get us crazy -- the government is essentially in Tim Rio words -- "What we do together because we only can't.
Now, many people have abandoned government.
If you are one of those people, I would ask you to remember it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change the government.
And because the government in the last instance of us -- remember that from us, the people -- the way to think about it affect the way we produce change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought the government was about choosing people to occupy charges.
Well, after two years, I've come to the conclusion that the government is, especially completely crash.
This is the center of telephone services and information.
It's the place that takes the calls if you mark 31 in America.
Scott took this call.
It was income in the basis of official knowledge.
I didn't find anything. It started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Hey, can you open the doors of the house, put a strong music and see if you go out?
And it worked. So by Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the variations.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app and web and mobile phone, called Connecticus Connecticut.
We don't program that application.
It was the very smart people in the Office of the New Kingdom of Boston.
One day, this happened really, comes this saying, "Virgins in my trash car. I don't know whether it's dead.
How do I make it to take it out?
The dynamics of Citizens Connecticut is different.
Scott was talking in person.
In Citizens Connecticut everything is public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, I saw it a neighbor.
The next report said, "I got close to the place, I found the garbage cube behind the house.
Kirim? Yes. Live? Yes.
I went back home. I went home.
Good evening, craftsman."
Pretty simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of the digital and the physical.
And it's also a great example of the government income to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technological definition of platform.
I talk about a platform for people to help and help others.
So, one citizen helped another one, but here the government had a key role.
I connected two people.
And it could have connected to the government services of being necessary but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When one neighbor helps another, we force communities.
If we call animals control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we have to think about the government is that it's not the same thing as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but you think you're the entrance of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader, sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then we hope that government reflects our values and satisfying our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because the government is like an immense ocean, and politics is the 15-year-old surface layer.
Below there is what we call bureaucracy.
And we say that word with a lot of desperation.
But it is that waste that keeps us out of that that we feel like something that operates in our back, that other thing, and in consequence we're losing power.
People believe that politics is sexy.
If we want this institution to work we have to make the bureaucracy sexy.
Because that's where the real government work occurs.
We have to collaborate with government machinery.
That makes the Giaccino movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens who have written a very detailed report of 325 pages in response to the Fins of the Valletter of Valtery Reporter.
That's not political activity, it's bureaucratic activity.
And for those of us who have been resistant to government, it's time that we wonder what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really believe that we will get to where we have to go with without solving the institution that can act in behalf of all?
We can't preserve from government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to replicate the government function so that it can expand to the civil society.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet, and it knows that it's not so hard to act carefully, just articulate the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 years old, so I am a bigger generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk about, everybody will talk.
You can express their opinions at any channel at the same time and they do.
So when they face the government problem they don't care too much to do their voices.
They're using your hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make the government better.
And those applications allow us to use hands to improve our communities.
It can be clean up a hydrant by taking out a bit of a bar of junk that has a craft inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those hydrogens, and many people do it.
But these applications are as digital reminder that we're not only consumers -- not just government consumers that we pay taxes and get services.
We are more than that, we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't fix the city.
So I want to ask all of the present, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, will be a crowd of voices, or will we also be a crowd of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in prisons, prisons and death route.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And I'll be here at TED looking at and hearing these states has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things that are told here have impact all over the world.
In occasions, if something comes from TED, it makes sense and a force that would not have any other way.
I mean this because I think identity is truly important.
So here we've seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you're taught with feelings, they can have special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, and it is a career, you can get much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice of the right, my job.
I learned from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a marriage, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, it had power.
It was the last word in all discussions in the family.
And she started a lot of the decisions in our home.
It was daughter of people who had been slaves.
Her parents were born in slavery in Virginia about 1840.
She was born about 1880 and his experience with slavery.
She was hard, but it was also love.
When I was a little girl and I looked at it, she came up with me and gave me a good hug.
I was so strong I could barely breathe, and then I got up.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at it, and he came back and said, "Brail, still feel my advantage?
And if I said no, I would grab myself again, and if I said yes, I was in peace.
He had this human quality that made you always want to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the least of 10.
In occasions, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight or nine years old, I woke up one morning, I went to the room, and there were running all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room, and I looked at me.
At the beginning, I thought it was a game.
So I looked at her and he smiles. But she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she stood up, and he pulled up the room, and he took me out of my hand, and he said, "You see Brandy. We are going to be converted."
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget that.
He took me out and said, "Brink, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anyone.
I said, "Okay, Mama."
She said, "Now make sure you won't do it." I said, "Sure."
Then I sat down, and he looked at me, and he said, "I want you to know I've been watching you."
And he said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget that.
Then he said, "I just want you to promise me three things, Brazil."
I said, "Separate, Mama."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to promise me is that you always want your mother."
Adam, "She is my head, and you have to promise you to always care about it."
As I was looking at my mom, I said, "Yes, Mom, so I'll do it."
Then he said, "The second thing I want you to promise me is you're always going to do the right thing as right as the right thing is hard."
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Mom, I'll do it."
Then, finally he said, "The third thing I want you to promise me is that you never drink alcohol.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mom, so I'll do it."
I grew up in the field, in the rural South, I have a brother a year older and a sister a year younger year.
When I was 14 or 15, one day my brother came home with a six beer package -- I didn't know where he did, I grabbed my sister and I went to the forest.
We just came up with the commodities forever.
He took a beer of beer, offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. It's okay. You know, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "Come on. Today I do it. And you always do the same thing as we do.
I took something, your sister too. Take a beer.
I said, "No, I wouldn't feel good. You can follow.
Then my brother looked at me.
He said, "What's going on? Take a blog.
And I got up with a look at the force and she goes, "Oh, I'm not still thinking about the conversation with Mammo."
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "Mom, you tell all the grandchildren that are special.
I was streaming.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know this will be spreading widely away.
But I am 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this is a virtual virtue. I mean by the power that the identity is.
When we create the right type of identity, we say things to others that they really don't see them.
We can't get to do things that don't believe that they can do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been imprisoned during protection.
My uncles died of diseases related to alcohol.
And these were the things that we had to do with it, and according to it.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
There are 2.3 million.
In the United States, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in the world.
And this massive incompassion, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor communities or black, it's so much destination, so much despair.
One in three black black in the ages of 18 and 30 years is in jail or in a traditional freedom.
In the urban communities throughout the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore Washington, Washington, 50 to 60 percent of all young people in color are in jail or in the traditional freedom.
Our system is not just distorted in front of the race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that is much better about if you're rich and guilty than if you're poor and innocent.
It's not guilt but wealth that connects the results.
And it seems that we feel very quiet.
The politics of fear and force makes us believe that these are not our problems.
We're discovered.
It seems interesting.
We are looking at our work in some pretty curious development.
In my state, in Alabama -- as well as other states, you have the rights of rights if you have a criminal conviction.
Right now in Alabama -- 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the level of loss of rights will be as elevated as it was before they passed the law of the right to vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young.
The United States is the only country in the world where it feels to 13 children to die in prison.
We have this prison country for children, no possibility to come out of it.
Right now we are in a process of some constraints.
The only country in the world.
I represent people in the death of death.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In some sense, have you been taught to think that the final question is, people deserve dying by the crimes?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think other way about how we are in our identity.
There's another way of looking at it, it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die by the committed crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The U.S. death penalty is defined by error.
In every nine people, it's identified one that is innocent and liberated from the death of death.
A rate of error, amazing.
This is interesting.
In aviation it would never be allowed to put airplanes if every nine you would expect, you would be strangely.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history, I talk to you about slavery.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time that started at the end of the reconstruction and that lasted to World War II.
Actually, we don't know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a little bit defined by the terror.
In many communities people were afraid to be linked.
They worried about being bombed.
The threat of the terror was what defined their lives.
Now there are older people who come up to me and say, "Mr. Stevenson, you tell you talk, makes speeches -- Tell people who stop saying that in our history we were dealing with terrorism, after the 19th of 1950."
They ask me to say, "No, I'm going to grow with that."
The age of terrorism went on, obviously, with secret and decades of racial subjectivity and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we historically have.
All the time we hit each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us to talk about race, I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial segregation without a commitment to truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country, we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving lectures about death penalty store.
And it was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's okay to listen to what you say.
Adam: We don't have death row in Germany.
We will naturally never have it here."
The room stayed in silence and a lady said, "There's no way that with our history, we could never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we are, intentional and deliberately we put people to run people."
Consider about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, would be running people, especially if they were in the majority of the Jews?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there is this discovery.
And I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't really care about these very difficult issues, positive and wonderful issues are, however, involved.
We love innovation.
We love technology. We worship creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are absorbed by suffering, abuse, degradation, transparency.
In my view, you need to integrate both things.
We finally talk about the need to have more hope, more engagement, more dedication with the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the deserts, the ones that will never get to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's within our being.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are, despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual thing.
with innovation, development comes not only from brain ideas.
These things come from food ideas also for heart conviction.
This connection of the mind with heart is what drives us to look at not only the brilliant and slaughter but also the dark and the difficult thing.
Jack Haiti, the great child leader, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffering the oppression of oppression -- we wanted all kinds of things, but mostly what we needed was hope, origin for spirit, a willingness to be in space of despair and with teaching."
Well, that orientation for the spirit is practically in the heart of what I think, that even in communities like TED, it must be compared.
There is no discrimination related to technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, exclusive, inequality, injustice.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find it.
I had the great privilege being a young lawyer to meet Rosa Parks.
These women are just together to speak.
Occasionally, the Carol lady called me, to say, "Brand, come the land Park. We're going to meet to talk.
Do you want to come and listen.
I said, "Be lady. I do."
And so she said, "Well, what do you do when you come to you?"
I said, "Let's get you."
Then I went and I just heard them.
It was very visually, very unimaginable.
And in one occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Mrs. Paris went to me and said, "Now, Brazil, tell me that's that idea of equality.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started giving my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the management of criminal justice.
We tried to end up with life sentences -- no freedom for children.
We're trying to do something about death store.
We tried to reduce the population in prisons.
We try to end with mass incompassions."
I gave him all of my best speech, and I ended up looking at me and said, "I mean Meman Memory Memory."
And he said, "You will end up stunted, very stranger.
At that point, Ms. Carol included me, put the finger on the face and said, "This is why you have to be very but very valuable."
I think actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We need to figure out how to deal with those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I have come to understand and believe that each one of us is superior to the worst we've made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if somebody says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if somebody takes something that doesn't belong to you, it's not that it's a land.
Even if someone kills another, it's not that it's a murderer person.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
That's not it.
I really think that in many parts of the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic -- very beautiful, very immune, very static, we won't be judged by our technology, for our design, not by our intellectual or rational ability.
At the end, you judge the character of a society, not because of the way they treat the rich, powerful and privilege, but the way they treat the poor, the conditions -- the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are.
Sometimes I feel refugee. I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
I go tired, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sentenced with a lot of diarrhea.
I go to jail and I see my 13-year-old customers and 14 years old, who have been abilities to be judged as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone into what isn't it?
The judge hurt as an adult, but I see a child.
One night too late was wake up --  God, if the judge can become something you don't are, you must have magical powers.
Yes, Brazil, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask some of that.
As it was very late, I couldn't think correctly, but I started working on a motivation.
I had a 14 year-old client.
I started working on the action, with a story that said, "Most of my 14-year-old black client is treated like a 75-year-old privileged white white white white white whole white whole white white white white white whole white wave.
In the motivation, I put it in the way that had been built in the action, in the behavior of police and in the process.
There was a advanced line about how in this country there is no ethics but a whole lack of ethics in this country.
And the next morning, I woke up thinking that insight was a dream, or really wrote it?
For my horror, not only had it redefined, but he had sent it to the court.
About two months, I had already forgotten it.
And I finally decided --  God, I have to go to the cut for this stupid case.
I went up to the car and I really felt overwhelmed.
I went into the car at the journey.
I thought this would be very difficult and penguin.
I finally went down from the car. I walked into the jellyfish.
I was going up the stairs when I met a older black man, and it was the construction of the jellyfish.
When he saw me, he came up to me and said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a lawyer," he said, "Is you you?" I said yes.
And so I approached and open me.
And he whispered me in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you that that was victim.
That was deeply connected to my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I walked into the audience room.
By the way, the judge saw me.
And he said, "Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this sticky bottom?
I said, "Yes, Mr. I was myself." And we started discussing it.
People started coming in. They were all indicatorially.
I was the one who had written those madness.
They came up with police fractions -- assistant fractals, assistants.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people. All of us furniture because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the rap of the eye I went to see the advice that he was going and came.
He looked at the window and he reached all that short.
He kept walking for here and there.
Finally, this old black, with concern face, walked into the room and sat behind me, almost on the lawyers of lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge decided a recession.
During the reserve an assistant of the satisfaction was shown because the speaker had entered the room.
The assistant is abortious on the old black.
And he said, "Jim, what do you do in the audience room.
And the old black black man stood up to me and he looked at me and he said, "Come into this audience room to tell this young man to keep his view in the goal with service."
I've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it folds into justice.
That we cannot truly be evolved if we don't care about human rights and dignity.
That our survival is tied to the other.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must be led to the frontal and compassion and justice.
And above all, those of the present people who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the goal with sembled.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, this community, to help in your purpose, to do something.
Something that's not a crash. What can we do?
BF: There are several opportunities.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a referended this spring in which you will make an effort to reduce the funds that are spent today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, it's going to spend a billion dollars on death penalty -- in the next five years, a billion dollars.
And despite this, 46 percent of the cases of homicide are not connected in arrested.
Fifty percent of the rapes don't come to anything.
Here's an opportunity for change.
This referended is going to propose that these funds are destroyed to making it turn the law, to safety.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation, it has to do with the highest incarceration rate.
What would you say to those who believe that is?
BJ: Actually, the rate of violence with violence has remained relatively stable.
The big growth in this country is not by crimes with violence.
It's for the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase comes into the carbon population.
And we let us convince for punishment retina.
We have three legal causes to bring people to a perpetual chain, to steal a bicycle, for small crimes against property rather than making those resources return to their victims.
I think we need to do more to help the victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy on punishment doesn't do anything for anybody.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brenting, you have been excited about it today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Lockin: They grow the threats by Bin Laden death.
Louis 2: famine in Somalia, "Looking at Thirt: The police throw painting pressure.
Announcer: Lourge 4: Letters and Los 5: Cold corners.
Locket 6: Social detection, Locken 7: 65 dead.
Announcer: Alternally 1: Louser 9: Cities.
Several doctors, war to the corruption. mass destruction Taron.
Recent. Bank. Finally Justine. Egypt. Syria.
Crime. Death Deador.
Oh, my God.
Peter Diamonds: These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, and they could typically be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that press media prefer to provide negative news because our minds pay attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of every day our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing matters to us than survive, the first paradox of all of that data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called an adult.
The amygdala is our early detector. danger.
It records all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So from a tens of stories we prefer to look at the negative.
That old present from the press," "If there's blood selling, it's very true.
And because all digital devices give us negative news the seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, no wonder that we are prime.
It doesn't surprise that people think that the world goes from bad in worse.
But maybe it's not.
Maybe what really happens is that we get distributions.
Perhaps the enormous progress made in the last century for a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems -- climate change, the extinction of species, the scarcity of water and energy, certainly we have.
As human beings are very good at measuring problems, and in the long time, we ended up with them.
Let's look at it in the last century to see where we go.
Over the last hundred years, life average has been differently, average income per capita adjusted by inflation has been tripled around the world.
Child mortality has reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, of electricity, transportation and communications, has fallen 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy that global literacy went from 25 percent to over 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're actually living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we continue to put more and higher expectations.
In fact, redefine the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, in the United States, a lot of the people who live under the poverty line has electricity, water water, routes, television, mobile phones, air conditioning and cars.
The magnetic marine barriers of the past century, the planets on the planet, would never have dreamed such luxury.
Supporting a lot of this is technology and lately its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that drops in information technology jumps in this curve, the Moore's Law, and double the price performance in about 12 to 24 months.
And so the cell phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper than a super-market supercomputer.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First, how smooth it is -- in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession -- in depression and subset.
It's the result of fast computers used to build faster.
It doesn't stop before any of the big challenges.
And even though it's degrees in a law on the left, it curve goes up.
The growth rate of technology is more and faster.
And in this curve, on the Morolla Law Houses, there is a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we tell today.
The computer in the cloud, that my Autonomous friends call infinite computation, sensors and networks, robotics, 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production throughout the planet, synthetic biology, fuel and vaccines and food, digital medicine and the A.I.
I mean, how many saw the victory in Jennifer of Watson, IBM?
It was screen.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline I had.
And I loved this one: Watson comes back to human opposites."
"Jeopardy" is not an easy game.
It plays with human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Simplexial University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to launch a company, or a product or service, that can potentially affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the life of a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have sounded absurd.
Today we can point out a tens of companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance -- it doesn't mean to create luxury life for each of the planets, it's about creating a life of possible.
It's about taking that stuff up and make it angel.
You see, scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story of National Maine in the middle of 1800.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited the king of Simon.
The troops of Naka ate the silver curves, and the same Napoleon.
But Simon king ate with aluminum curves.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal of the planet, it's worth more than gold and plate.
So that's why the tip of the monument in Washington is aluminum of aluminum to Washington.
You see, even though the aluminum is 80 percent of the mass of Earth, it doesn't come like pure metal.
It's led by oxygen and skills.
But then the electronics came up and made the aluminum so cheap that we used it as if it was deliberate.
We project this analogy towards the future.
Think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet based by 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to the Earth 16 terrorists of energy every 18 minutes.
It's not about scare, but of access.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the generation per day, 8,000 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity cost six cents per pound per hour compared to the 15 cents of national media.
And if we have energy abundance we also have water abundance.
Let's talk about wars in the water.
Do you remember when Carl Sagan pointed out the Voyager spacecraft to the Earth, in 1990, after Saudi?
He took a famous picture. How is it called?
"A pale blue point."
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet covered in 70 percent per water.
Yes, the 97 percent is salt water, two percent is ice, and we fight by five percent of the water of the planet, but here's a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes the nanotechnology, the nanoscale.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators of the banking -- I would like to share with you, he gave me permission to do -- his technology called Salama -- maybe you know it -- it's the size of a small refrigerator.
It is able to generate 1,000 liters of drinking water a day of any water source, polluted water, a letter -- for less than two cents a gallon.
The president of Coke just agreed to do an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out right, and I have a confidence that this is going to be, Coca-Cola will implement it in 26 countries on the planet.
This is a powerful innovation for this technology that exists today.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And to count with a smart cell phone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of information and communications that nobody could have predicted before.
Now, better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- GPS video, images, images of books and music, medical diagnostic technology -- now they are delivered and lose value of market value.
Maybe the best thing comes up when they raise health applications.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce the Film Prize Trickster -- 10 million dollars Triminal.
We're challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies in a mobile device with which they talk about, and because it has A.I. -- you can get blood out of the finger.
To win it has to do better diagnosis.
Imagine this device in the middle of developing world in which there is no doctors, where the death charge is 25 percent and there are 1.3 percent of health workers.
When this device sequence a virus of RNA or DNA that I don't recognize -- call the top of health, and first of all, avoiding the pandemic happening.
But this is the highest force to produce an abundance world.
I call it the billion.
The white lines here are the population.
We just passed the brand of the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to empower the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, going from two billion to five billion Internet users.
Three billion minds never before you heard the global conversation.
What do these people want?
What would you get? What would you get?
And instead of an economic collapse, we will have the largest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars injected in the global economy.
And it will be more health because of the Trail, from a better education with the Academy Academy and because of using 3D printing, and the cloud of the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can we give us three billion more members of humanity, educated and productive healthy.
How about a few voices never before yet?
What if we give the oppressed. wherever they are, a voice to be heard and can be able to act for the first time?
What would these three billion do?
What if they're contributions that we can't predict it?
Something I learned with the X Prize is that small teams -- guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things, things that could only make great corporations and governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excited.
There's a program that maybe some of you know.
It's called Fold.
It was at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids, and figure out how to fold the protein.
Plants determine structure and functionality.
It's very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a problem of supports.
They've played with this university professors, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people came up and started playing it.
And it's shown that today's recognition of human patterns is better folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the innovative innovation.
We have the capital capital.
And we have three billion new minds that will be used to work on the solution of the big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a couple of extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
It's the core of the point of particular.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, I will give you three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1832.
You might believe that it was perfectly perfectly, but it wasn't.
It actually collects fish.
And I described one of them as very common.
It was the men.
It took it very much to the 1880s.
Now the fish is in the Red Side of the UNA.
But we've heard this story a lot of times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special at all.
But the case is we still came to the Galapagos.
We still think they're practice.
The floors still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept, the stripper of the waist.
Because I was there in 1972, studying a water in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought it could be integrated.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The water was surrounded by landscapes, and, as you can see, from a few manufacturers.
There were the two-three-four therapists of about 20 centimeters -- the black bubble tile.
And the fishing of this thylacine was very plentiful and went through a good moment, so he won more than half in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the amount of fish had gone down to half.
They mature the five cents.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
It is, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was involved in the introduction of drag fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, well, it started in the 1960s -- Europe did a lot of development projects.
The fishing development was able to impose countries that already had 100,000 fishermen to impose the industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty ugly is called The Muslim Four.
I went out to fish in it, and we conducted studies in southern China of the Middle China and above all, in the Sava Sea.
What we captured was something invisible.
We captured -- I now know, the sea bottom.
Ninety percent of what we captured were sports, other animals that are at the bottom.
And most of the fish are tiny spots on a few ways, remains of coral reef fish.
In short, the sea background came to the deck and then it was thrown up.
These images are extraordinary because transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study and then you start the commercial fishing.
The background happens to be a solid coral background, in this case, to be a complete.
This is a dead torture.
They didn't eat them. They found them because they were dead.
Once we capture a living.
I was still not not still.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what the fishermen collect every time you go to an area where you've never fishing.
But it doesn't be documented out.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
Let's take on the point of party, the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this, something like this.
On the axis and we have good things on the axis, biodiversity, amount of origins, the green of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation will use the images received at the beginning of their conscious life as normal and extracting it forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the source of change.
And at the end of the end of it will keep a few of them miserable.
And that, in big measure, we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when the predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that's very plentiful before we get extinct -- it's very common.
You don't lose alien animals.
You lose little animals.
Even if this is not perceived as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a single ocean of big fish.
They become little frequent because we caught them.
And over time, there are few fish, but we think that's the point of party.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, questioning that it was very different.
And they will do it because evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they would expect them to have the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of them present, like they captain such and looked at a lot of fish in this area can't be used or usually don't use the fish scientists, because it's not scientific.
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in built societies, because they don't trust the source of the past.
From there the enormous paper that can be made a protected marine area.
Because with protected marine areas, we really recreated the past.
We take a look at the past that people can't conceive because the point of party has come up and is extremely low.
That's for people who can see a protected marine area, and they can benefit from the vision that it provides -- which allows them to erase their part of it.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like the Middle West, for example?
I think the arts and cinema may fill the vacuum. simulation.
This is a simulation of the Chips Bay Bay.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in Chipper Bay, 500 years ago.
And you may have noticed that killing and tons are like "Adam Asian."
And if you think about "Adam: if you think about why people were engaged with the movie -- not talking about the story of tensions -- why are you moving with the images?
Because it raises something that, in a sense, has been lost.
So my recommendation -- the only one I give, is to Cameron -- to make "And "Arab IIA: underwater.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Alice, the YouTube trend manager -- and I look at YouTube videos in a professional way.
It's true.
So today we're going to see why videos make viral and how important it is.
We all want to be stars, celebrations, singers, contents -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very hard.
But today the web is making any of us, or our actions, copper news in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can be famous on the Internet in a safety.
Over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And of those, only a little percentage is making you viral -- it gets infinite to visit and make cultural monogame.
How does that happen?
Three things: trends of trends and translation communities and surprise.
Well, let's start here.
Beau Vans: Oh my God, my God.
Oh my God!
Wow.
Nother, glue.
KA: Last year, Beard Village published this film out of his house in the New Nations National Park.
In 2010, it was 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction in the popularity rise of the past summer.
Berlin didn't make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if it's called Your Bearday Mountain Bear.
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimma.
Jimmy Kimma published this tutor that would capture the video to popularity video.
The trends of trends like Jimmy Zimbari present us new and interesting things and give them a wider audience.
Rebecca Black,"  It's Friday, Friday, you have to start the Friday --   everybody wants the weekend.   Everybody wants the weekend.   KA: Don't think we could have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
Viewer from Rebelia Black is one of the most popular videos in the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Just like "Bach senses double: this video seemed to have arisen from nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask for those other peak, they are also Friday.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday day?
Well, I took it Token, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson, from West Science The first people to make a joke about the video on Twitter.
But the important thing is that a person or a group of trades of trends adopt a view of view, and they share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts talking about that and do things.
And now there are 10,000 parts of Vietnamese in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each other day.
Unlike the Universal entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way to be part of the phenomenon by giving or doing something new with that.
"No Cat Cathold: It's a representative animation with a music agreement.
So, that's it.
This year you saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know there's a three hours version that has seen four million times.
Even the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats to see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity that woke up between the Internet community community.
There were stores.
Somebody made a version of the old one.
And then it became international.
Suddenly, a whole community of remix that made this happen from being a silly joke to something that we can all form part.
Because today we don't just enjoy it, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted "rain sentence or Robin Black or "No "My Catheism?
What a script could you have written to make this situation?
In a world in which you get two days of video per minute, only that truly unique and unexpected can get rid of the way that these things have done.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protests against the military in New York City, I admit that I don't really care too much.
Casey Nike: I was driven by not circular for the bike, but often there are obstacles that are going to be prevented by the bike right away.
KA: Thank you the surprise effect and his humor, Casey Nike got five million people to see and understand his idea.
So this approach is worth the new thing that we do in a creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Beardwada Vansa: What does this mean?
Ghoen.
KA: What does this mean?
The trends of trend, creative communities of participation, the totally unexpected community, are characteristics of a new type of media, from a new culture, to which we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity that defines poverty.
As I said earlier, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justin Bible, started in YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit owner from our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of old media -- they're just the current media, but define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still brought up.
Let me tell you about some of the parts.
Imagine the first piece, a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a dramatic man, a man whose entire life had been supported in the only unit of unit and freedom of his country.
Imagine while the communities come into Santa, facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain.
The words, for so long friends, now they stumbled.
He stayed in silence.
It died broken by history.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in vain and my lesson was to learn that history tried to apply us, but we support it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat when you love just quietly to the sea.
My mother, Ma, was just 18 years old when her father died, and a married marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had been destined to a task, the escape of her family and a new life in Australia.
He was incontinuum for her that I couldn't do it.
And after a four year-old show that challenges the fiction, a boat displayed into the sea vessel of fishing fisheries.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was pills, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother took a confidence with poison.
If you capture us, we would first take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant pace of the engine, the struggle diving in every wave and the vast and empty horizon.
I don't remember the pirate of the pieces that came several times, but they were fooled with the courage of men in our boat, or the engine dying and couldn't get off for six hours.
But I remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, and the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given by the men of the platform.
No apple had after the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp, we broke in Melani.
And the next piece of puzzle is about four generations across three generations giving a new life together.
We set up in Fortot, a supermarket class suburb whose population is made of immigrant people.
Unlike the middle class suburbs whose existence I knew in Fochoma, I had no sense of the right.
The smells that came from the stores were the rest of the world.
And the fragments of entertained English were exchanged between people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then in a car mountain line, working six days, double turn.
Even so, I found time to study English and get a title at IT at TEDTalk.
We were poor.
All the dollars were associated, and established an extra tutor in English and mathematics, no matter what you should take, that it was generally new clothes, it was always a second hand.
Two pairs of media for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the tolers, because it had to last six years.
And there were weird seals and painful singers on the "friends of the faster "eyes: "Standards: Asians, go home."
At home, where?
Something in me was entry.
He was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to know!
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was exhausted, but we told us about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered smallpox, all of the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares began to be able to wake up.
She opened a computer store, then he studied to be static and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition and angry, intelligent and smart children stuck between two worlds.
They looked for subsidies and pathways.
They created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, I was the classic Asian student, which was involved with what I would store from myself.
On the other hand, I was embedded in price lives, translated by violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many of them got help over the years.
And for that work, when I studied my last year of lawyers, I was elected by the young Australian young year.
And I went from one piece of the puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit.
So, so read, the anonymous Description of Fortot, was now so Le refugee and social activist invited to speak in sites that I had never heard of, and in houses whose existence she had never imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the curves.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to retreat the routine and the comfort of life in a suburb instrument -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for almost 20 years, counting about the day of each one and falling asleep, the three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom who couldn't do it.
It reminded me that I had now the same age as she had when we went into the ship.
The non-zero-sum had never been an option.
"Do it." He said, "And you're not what you don't.
So I talked about juvenile and education and description to the margins and the strangers.
And the more frankly I talked about, the more I was able to speak.
I met people from all walks of life, many of them doing what they love, living in the border of possible.
And although I finished my literature, I realized I couldn't stay in a lawyer.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a unknown, a newly arrived, new on the scene -- and not only is it right, but it's something that will be grateful, maybe a gift of the boat.
Because being inside can easily mean collapsing the horizon, it can easily mean accepting the assumptions of your provider.
I gave enough steps outside my comfort zone to know that, yes, that the world is displayed, but not the way we fear.
You may not have been allowed to be allowed to be allowed up tremendously.
There was an energy there, an optimism optimistic, a rare mixture of humility.
So I kept my intuition.
I went to a small group of people who the motto can't be done, was an irresistible challenge.
For a year, we didn't have a cents.
At the end of every day, he made a giant soup of soup that we all share.
We worked until the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant, and we open up.
I made the decision to move to the U.S.
After one trip.
My charges again.
Three months later, I had moved and adventure continued to continue.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where the Confidence was social norm and the local Mandarin was the person who matters.
Life had not changed for centuries.
Her father died shortly after she was born.
The mother was raised alone.
At 17 was turned into a connection of a Mandarin whose mother beat her.
Without support of his husband, it caused a remote to demand it and take the cause itself, and much more revealed when he won.
He can't make it wrong.
He was in the shower in the fourth of a hotel in Sydney when she died at 1,000 miles in Melani.
I looked through the show of the shower and I saw it standing on the other side.
I knew it had come to go.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Fochine and we sat around his attention.
We told stories and we made sure we were still with it.
At night a monkey came and told us he had to close the attack.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
And I asked the monkey, "Why is his hand hot, and the rest of the body so crazy?
"Because you've taken your hand from the morning, he said.
"You haven't been sure?
If there is a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Given who we were and how life formed us, we can now see that the men who were coming into our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would have gone easily.
Now I want to have my own children, and I ask myself about boat.
Who could want that for you?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a place in your lives, diving brave in each wave, the visual pace of the engine, the very horizon of the engine that doesn't guarantee nothing?
I don't know.
But if I could do it and look at it, I would do it.
Train Nikelihood and also the mother of so much is today, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story begins in Rans about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the Susan San Muslim.
We were thinking about how nothing has changed from the age of the ancient Indian episode India.
In those days when Indians wanted to travel to a cart and we save the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time when Andrew -- the great Indian warrior printing, he had serious, he pulled a bow and with a flag on the ground, he got water.
Now we do the same with talents and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced magic.
And that got me a lot.
Every time I felt a little bit more technical.
I was terrified by this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a sunset if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't transplant my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic, not kill it.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his plastic plate of pocket.
And this 50 year-old technological piece was for my most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images, of pirate and natures in my imagination.
I had the sense that mobile phones, luxury clocks and cameras prevent that we are.
They free our inspiration.
So I launched this technology world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
It illustrates books since the age of 16.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device capable of connecting the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
To bring the text with image, animation, sound and touch.
Narrator becomes increasingly multiple.
But what does that serve us?
I'm about to launch Khankore, an interactive app for iPad.
It says, "I put your fingers on every light.
And so    He says, "This box is pretended -- I write my name.
And so I become a character of the book.
In many times, I get a letter -- the iPod knows where I live through GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner girl got excited about all of these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magnetic and dragons, but to that magic of childhood, to those ideas we open out of children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar always were exciting to me.
So over here, we have to include the iPad.
And, really, lighting your way in what it remains from the book.
Another idea that I was fascinated by a little girl was that all of a galaxy was coping on a backyard.
So here, every book and every world becomes a bag that I dragged into this magic device inside the device.
And this opens up a map.
In all the fantasy books there have always been maps, but they have been static maps.
This is a map that grows and fire and guide for the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book, it also reveals it.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another hugely important aspect for me is to create Indian content and at the time.
These are the applications here.
We all heard about the fairies and the thousands, but how many people outside India know their Indian controls, would you apply them the applications?
These poor applications have been trapped in Indian cameras for millennia, in an old and wet book.
That's why we're bringing them back into a contemporary child history.
In a story that deals with current issues like environmental crisis.
And, talking about environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that children have been encrypted, attached to their computers, they haven't gone out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can bring our children to the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out to the outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections: of palms, stones, stones and containers.
For some reason, kids don't do it.
So to get this ritual from the childhood you have to go out, and in a chapter to take a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So you create a digital collection of photos that then can be put on the Web.
A kid in London puts a picture of a street and says, "Oh, I saw a crow."
A child in India says, "I saw a monkey."
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital pictures that have been taking on.
Inside the vaccines of connection between magic and Earth and technology there are many possibilities.
In the next book, we plan to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad, and the video goes down and through augmented reality -- you see a group of animated teeth that appear on the plants inside the house.
In a moment, the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to do the sound of the wind and blow them up to be able to read the rest of the book.
We go into a world where the forces of nature are intertwined with technology and magic and technology and technology come to each other.
We leverage the energy of the sun.
We are approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic and joy and child love that we sit through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why many health projects fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at Redwood University was to tell a director of the listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she raised a little coffee cup or you and asked patients, family and known -- what happens?
"How can we help it?
And we tend to think, that this is one of the biggest problems that all, or maybe not all, but most of the health projects fail, because we stop listening.
This is my biological Bio. It's very simple.
It has a story of story and off.
Every morning I get up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I put the challenge of getting to 95 kilograms of it.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Health.
And my head doctor has access to him as well. So, he can see what my weight problem, not at the same time that you need cardiac assistance or some urgency of that style but see it backwards.
But there's something else.
As some of you know, I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning I connect to my William biology, and before I go up to my car, people start talking about, Louise, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people from their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week being available.
This little bamboo connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people will can, from their homes, to take their blood pressure, send it to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, go back to control the control and to be capital of their own boat, but it can also help us to health care because of the challenges we face, like the firing of the costs of the medical attention, the doubling of demand and other issues.
To make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also through crowds.
And one of the things we did would want to share with you with a video.
We all have navigation controls in cars.
Maybe we even have them in our phones.
We perfectly know where the ATM cars are in Marshall.
And also where they are all the gas.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the nearest DNA to help this patient?
We asked but nobody happened.
No one knew where to get the DNA saving lives right now.
What we did was we did crowds in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the public Queen: you see a DNA, please send it, tell me where, and when it's open, because sometimes they open in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 degrees was already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the app for that.
And we did an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Lama, augmented reality.
And every time you're in the city of Mars and someone else, you can use your iPhone, and the next weeks to use your cell cell phone to find the nearest DNA, what you can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to introduce this one, not just like DNA 20,000 -- which is the name of the product, but also like DNA.
And we want to start it globally.
We're bringing all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find, work and act as a center for the Christian craftsman around the world.
Every time you are of vacation and someone collapse. It can be a relative or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DNA.
They could be text services or telephone people, for example, to see if the DNA that shows is still in place.
Please say to them and not just improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is it photographer?
Because, of course, they're pictures that can't take with their cameras.
My interest for photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years.
It mixes with my previous passion for the drawing but it was a little bit different because when I used the camera the process was in the planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ends up when you press the puzzle.
For me, photography had more to do with being in the right place, at the point.
It seemed to me that anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start to press the puzzle.
Pictures like this: a building in a very translated road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And despite that, it keeps a level of realistic.
Or photos like these -- dark and colorful at once, but with the common objective of keeping the level of realistic.
And when I say really photographer I say.
Because, of course, it's not something that I can capture but I always want it to seem to have been captured in some way as a photograph.
Pictures where you will have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea that will capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem real?
Is it details or colors?
Do you intervene light?
What creates the illusion.
Sometimes illusion is perspective.
But in the end, it's about our way to interpret the world, and how you can perceive on a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of the reality that we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here's three perfectly important objects here, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way can create something that still seems three-dimensional as if it existed.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we send the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining pictures.
It's really about combining different realities.
And the things that make a picture seem realistic I think are those where we don't even think about, the things that surround us in our everyday life.
But when you combine pictures it's very important to consider it, because otherwise something will look bad.
So I'd like to say there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Secondly, the pictures combined must have the same kind of light.
And these two images are full with these requirements, they were taken at the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make impossible to distinguish the principle and the end of the different images with a perfect whole.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is.
This is another example.
I could think this is the image of a landscape and the bottom part is manipulated.
But this image is totally composed by photographs of different places.
At the point I think it's easier to create a place than finding it because you don't need to put the ideas on your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter knew that I had several months to paint it, to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces.
For example, the fish was captured on a fishing journey.
The costs are from a different location.
The authoritarian part was captured in a piece of rock.
And yes, I even did red the house at the top of the island so that it seemed more sound.
So to make a realistic result, I think it takes planning missing.
You always start with a sketches, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different pictures.
And here every piece is very well thinking.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the outcome can be very beautiful and at the very realistic time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing a slide about technology, very boring.
Please, if you can put it.
It's a diagram anybody who took a card mine.
I'm not so interested in showing you the details, but the general thing.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of the Ricks microscopes, versus the power of local area networks.
What's interesting about this is that this one, like a lot of others that we tend to see, is kind of a straight line in a logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude on the performance scale.
Talk about technology with symbolic curves is a novel thing.
Here's something weird here.
And that's what I'm going to be talking about.
Please find the lights.
It would need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we plot technological curves in logical scales.
The answer is that if I draw them in a normal curve where, say, these are the years, or some time unit, and this would be any measure of the technology that I wanted to graduate, the diagram would see something ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say much.
But if you grab, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a symbolic curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, it's a qualitative change.
If transportation technology will move as fast as the microscopes, past tomorrow we could take a cab and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move to that rhythm.
There are no precedent in the history of technological development of a feedback that every few years advance orders of magnitude.
The question I want to do is look at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't really follow forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
It will happen one of two things.
Or it will become a typical curve -- I know like this until something completely different, or maybe do something like this.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
So now we would be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we're in a transition of what it used to be the world, to a new shape.
So what I try to ask, and ask me, is that new way that adapted the world?
What new state are the world running?
The transition seems very, very confusing if we're embedded in it.
I remember the future happened in 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future remains the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been embedded, year after year, along my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is happening.
It's a transformation. We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different than to extrapolate what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it might be that transition that we experience.
But to do that will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and information.
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and look at the long-term things.
And the time scale I would like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this picture makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we took back about 2.5 billion years when the Earth was a great sterile rock with a lot of chemicals floating around them.
If we look at the way that we organize those chemicals we give us an idea of how things happen.
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is, at that time, I had floating some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes on its inside.
Some of those oil droplet contains a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside, and so the garbages grew up.
And they started to divide.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms, those oil droplet forms.
But those guys were not alive, in the current sense, because each one of them contained a random chemical recipe of chemicals.
And every time they divide them up to be a unequal distribution of the chemicals that they continue.
So every drop was a little different.
In fact, the drops that somehow differentiate being better in the time to incorporate the surrounding chemicals. They grow more chemicals and they divide more.
They usually lived longer, they were more represented up.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these guts learned the trick of abstraction.
In some ways that we don't understand these guts learned to store information.
They learned to maintain information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to record what they were to be able to replicate them.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since 2.5 billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living being experienced with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
Here I have 100 white dust microscopes that I try to hide to the security people of the airport.
But it goes -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use on this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA fragments, and I expanded it 10 at 22 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card, I have a lot of for all the present -- in fact, for every person in the world, and it's here.
If it was a lung I would have put it in a virus and would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy, another billion years.
But then another great interesting step happened in which things became very different, and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information to make cells of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So for example, for example, they evolved antibiotic resistance.
Some bacteria found the way they avoid penicillin and they took them to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there's a lot of resistance to penicillin, because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place that they would form communities that, in a way, they were together on it, and they set up a synthetic.
And so they survive or failed together, which is that if a community was very successful all the individuals in that community were required more and they were favorite by evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities came up so much that, in fact, they got together and decided to write all the recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage, we have multicellular communities, a lot of different kinds of cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multi-collar community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart, or the muscle cell, or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These started to absorb information.
And to build very special structures that didn't do more than process information in community.
They're the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they started to specialize within the community being responsible structures of recording, understanding and transmit information.
Those were the brains and nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that moment as individuals, learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not at the period of evolutionary time.
So an organism could, for example, to learn how to eat a certain fruit because he knew bad and sick the last time I ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these information processing structures that for evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system is building those information structures will hugely accelerate the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen to an individual.
It could happen in the time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So, for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea of a vague idea, in the head.
I'm sitting here by emitting a few groups and hopefully building a similar idea, vague and confusing, in your heads that would guide some analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated -- we turn it into sound, in sound sequences and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start working as an organism.
In fact, as humanity, we've started to do abstractions.
Now we go through similar periods to the multicellular organisms, we abstract our record methods and present and information processing.
For example, language invention was a small step in that direction.
The telephone -- the computer, the video tape, the CDP, etc., are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to manage that information.
And that brings us into something much larger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microbes.
You saw the evolutionary example of You in which I produced some evolution with the Consumer program, in our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the scales of time again.
The first stages of the story that I told you about had taken a billion years each.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next one, the language etc., took less than a million years.
And the next one, like electronics, seems to take only a few decades.
The process is feeding -- I guess automatic is the right word to name something that accelerated its own pace of change.
The more changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this explosion of the curve.
We see that the process is feeding.
But I get life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I work to design them would not be possible without recent computer advances.
But now I design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design it in a conventional way.
I don't know that it does every transistor in that connections machine.
There are billions.
Instead, with the designers of Tile Machines, we think about a level of abstraction -- we put it in the machine and the machine with it does something that before you couldn't get much further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes I use methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using lately is evolution itself.
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of the microbes.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions.
We say, "Please computer -- can you run a hundred million dollars of instructions of instructions?
Could you look at these sequences of instructions at random, to run all those programs, and take those who are more approaching what we want to do?"
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are going to be able to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions, order numbers, so none of them did it.
But one, luckily, could play two numbers in the right order.
And I said, "Wow, you could take 10 percent of those random sequences that you better did the task?
We run those and we eliminate the rest of it.
And now we play the ones that were best ordered by the numbers.
And we go back to reproduce them following a process of analog recording to sex."
Let's take two programs that are going to be able to make children, who exchange suburbility, and children are going to inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs from the combinations of programs that had a bit more success.
And we say, "Please repeat the process."
It calculated again.
It puts some mutations in.
And he tries again and I play with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can make the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes, or, in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that order absolutely perfect numbers.
In fact, they're much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs, I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
These are dark programs, strangers.
But they get the comment.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they get the target because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that did it.
In fact, their lives depend on doing it.
Once I was in a 747 with Martin Minister and he pulled a card and he says, "Look at this.
It says, "This airplane has hundreds of thousands of particles working together to offer a safe flight. Doesn't make you feel cool?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they're complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make well different design processes.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering does.
However, we don't understand all the choices that there are.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster, and so we can run these programs much more quickly.
I mean, it's feeding.
The thing gets faster and faster and so I think it looks so cool.
Because all of these technologies are feeding down.
We're going off.
And we're at an analog moment to the single-celled organisms when they become multiple.
We are the shadows, and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think we're the final product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of what is coming.
But now comes the lunch and I believe that stop here before I get rid of me.
I think we need to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've run enough time to allow me to focus part of my false forecast on that.
Before I treat the subject of my talk, let's talk a little bit about baseball.
Why not?
We are close to the end, the World Series.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's about going out to be "Redwerful "The Russians: talks about statistics and use them to form a great baseball team.
I'm going to focus on one of them and I hope that many of you know it.
It's called the battery average.
And we talked about 300 of a battery that draws 300 dollars.
That means that the battle effectively, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game field without being caught up, and anyone who tries to launch it to the first base, doesn't come to time, and the second base will be saved.
Three attempts of 10.
You know how you call a 300-year-old battery in the Great Legos?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know how you call a 400-foot baseball battery.
By the way, that is somebody who from 10 strokes -- it turns four.
Lego -- like the TED Williams, the last player of the Great League of Biscome to run more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now let's move this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable, or perhaps less awkward, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose they have appropriates and they're attached to a surgeon that has also a 400-dying record.
It doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that they live in a remote place and one being loved has two orbit art artists and their family doctor brought it to a cardiologist whose record in angiogenesis is 200 dollars.
But do you know something?
She's getting better this year.
And their actions have been 275.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you think it should be the average of a heart surgeon or orthopedic or a nurse or a cock-based orchestra?
One, very good.
And the truth of the issue is that no one in all medicine knows the areas of a good surgeon, from a physician or paralyzed.
What we do, though, is send them to the world, and I include, with the driver's method of being perfect.
That never never, they eat a mistake and a sense of figuring out how to do well.
That was the message I absorbed when I was in medical school.
I was a computer observation student.
Once again, a fellow in high school said that Brian Gold studied up to a blood test.
Like that.
I studied in my little destruction, in the nurses of the General Hospital of Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all memory.
From my class of anatomy, I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every art that comes out of the stage, the diagnostic differential and the non-lethal diagnosis.
And I even knew the differential diagnosis about how to classify the kidney tone assistant.
And as so much more and more knowledge.
And I was very good. I graduated with honor.
And you get out of medicine school with the impression that if you memorize everything, then it would know everything, or the most possible, close to everything, because this is how I would immune my mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met the Drug lady.
I was a resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto, when they brought the Drug lady to the service service where I was working.
At that time, I was assigned to the heart service.
And when you email requested to a cardiologist I got to attend to that patient.
And report the head of residents to it.
When I saw Mrs. Drugs was saving.
I heard a resonance sound.
And when I saw it, I heard a strange sound on both sides, which was telling me an insufficient heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of pumped the blood forward, the blood goes to the lungs, and these are filled with blood, and that's why there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose it.
I did it and I started working on the treatment I would give him.
I gave him aspiration and medication to alleviate pressure in his heart.
I gave him distribution, water pieces, so I could eliminate liquid electronics.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very well.
And that's when I made the first mistake, sent her home.
Actually, I took two more mistakes.
He sent her home without talking to the head of residents.
I didn't raise the phone and I didn't do what I should have done, which was to call my boss and put it with him to see her.
And if my boss had seen it, I would have been able to give you complex information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that required constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, that I could take care of my patients without even keeping my boss going.
The second mistake that I made was worse.
When I send her home, I didn't pay attention to a voice on my inner who said, "Good, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure that I had asked the nurse to take care of the Drug Sad," "Do you think it's okay if you go to your house?
And the nurse thought and then said with total nature," "Yes, I think I'm fine."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So I signed up the high, and the ambulance along with the parallels took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad deal in the stomach.
But I kept my job.
At the end of the day, I started to leave the hospital and walked into the parking parking where my car was my car to go home. At that point, I did something that I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency service service at home.
And there was another nurse, not the one who took care of the Drug lady before, but another one, told me three words, those three words that most emergency doctors fear term.
Other specialists are afraid as well, but there's a particular thing in emergency, and we see the patients figured.
The three words are actually actually?
"Do you remember from the patient who sent his home?"
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
"Well, she came back, with the same voice.
She was good.
But I went back and on the edge of death.
On the end of an hour of having arrived at his house, after I gave her high school, he suffered a collapsed and his family called the 1991, and the paradise brought it to emergency with an artificial pressure of 50 feet, which means a severe shock.
I barely breathe and was blue.
The emergency staff broke all their resources.
They gave him medication to raise the artificial pressure.
And they put an artificial respect.
I was moved and rocked up to the cord.
He had a mix of feelings because after the stabilize was in intensive therapy and waiting against everything that would be recovered.
And in the two or three days it was obvious that I would never wake up.
He had an incremental brain damage.
The family gathered together.
And in eight or nine days, they signed up to what was happening.
And in the ninth day, they let it go. The Drug lady, wife, mother, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next week, I got caught by that, and I experienced for the first time the evil shame that exists in our medical culture, and I felt alone, inspired, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the patients and you never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The malignant shame that I talk about is the one that makes us feel very bad in it.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was bad, but we're bad.
And that felt that.
And it wasn't for my boss, he was a love.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure that I would hold things up, and I made sure that they wouldn't demand me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss to my boss?" Why did I send her home to his house?
And in my worst moments, why did I make a mistake so strange?
Why did I choose medicine?
Little of that feeling was distributed.
And I started feeling better.
And in a cloudy day, he opened the sky, and finally the sun came out, and I wondered if I would feel better again.
And I did a deal with me in which if I cut the efforts to be perfect to not commit more errors, I would do those voices.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But it came back to happen.
Two years later, I was help in the emergency department in a community hospital north of Toronto, and I received a 25 year-old man with a pain in the throat.
I was very busy and advantaged.
He pointed out here.
I looked at his throat -- I was a little bit colored a little bit.
I emailed him and sent him to her house.
But as he went to the door she kept pointing out his throat.
Two days later, when I came to make my lunch change, my boss asked me to talk to me pretty much at his office.
And he did the three words, you know?
Do you remember the patient who saw for a pain in the grave?
So he came back and didn't have a strategic farmer.
He had a potentially deadly approach called electronics.
You can find it in Google. It's an infection, not from the throat, but from the upper open air, and it can cause the closing of those tracks.
He did not fail.
He was advanced by the internal standard and recovered.
And I went through the same period of shame and repertoires, then I got up and went back to work, until it happened again and again, and again.
Two times in the same emergency turn, I didn't diagnose approved.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because it gets treated to 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home, and I don't think it's been a discovery.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
They ordered a radio X-ray and it turned out a little bit normal. A colleague that was checking the patient perceived certain sensitivity on the right lower right and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I read liquid to rescue and asked my colleague to review it.
You reviewed it and when you noticed a certain sensitivity on the lower right-hand quadrant, I called the surgeon.
Both of them were operated and they recovered well.
But every case, I was drawn to me.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst errors in the first five years of exercise, and like many colleagues say, it's a belief.
The most significant ones have been for the last five years.
Just being embarrassed and supported.
And here's the problem: if I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues.
How do I teach you this so that they don't eat the same mistakes?
If I went to a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard somebody talking about failure, after failure, after failure.
Of course you will hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you won't listen to someone talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues also, that a tradition in my hospital astonished the wrong leg -- believe me that would have difficulty to look at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system in which there are two positions -- the ones that make mistakes and the ones that don't sleep and those who have a lot of results and those who have great outcomes.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, as antibodies that start to attack that person.
We have the idea that if you go from medicine to the people who make mistakes, we will stay a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years about diffusion and medical journalism, I've done a personal medical study and medical errors to learn how possible, from the first article I wrote for the State Toronto, to my program, "Whook Coar, Black Art," "Blue white, black art.
And what I learned is that mistakes are unexpected.
We work in a system where the mistakes happen every day, where one in 10 prescription drugs in the hospital are wrong, or display is not right. In a system where hot infection is increasingly more and more numerous -- making chaos and death.
In this country, 24,000 songs are killed by available medical mistakes.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000 dollars.
In both cases, it's about brave advances, because we're not wasting the problem as we should.
And so there are things.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiply every two or three years, and we don't update us.
The privacy of sleep invade everything.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow us to do a perfect history of a patient with pain in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain in the chest, and it comes up with slime eyes and wind to alcohol and all of a sudden my story is a contempt.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot. I don't do things always the same.
And my patients are not cars. They don't watch their symptoms always in the same way.
For all this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we eliminate all the professional professionals in the error, well, you won't stay anywhere.
And with respect to people don't want to talk about their biggest cases of their cases?
In my program, "Lovelogo white art, black art, a black art, it's a custom to say, "This is my worst error: I would tell everyone from the paradigms to the head of surgery, "This is my worst error, blah, blah blah -- "What are your mistakes? And I would lead the microphone to them.
And his students were determining, they would go back and they would turn their head and swallow out and start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to be able to say, "Look, they don't eat the same mistake."
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a redefined medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The reductionist physician is human, it gets human, it accepts it, and it's not proud of their mistakes, but it forces to learn from what happened to teach others.
You share their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It feels the mistakes of other people not with the intention of catching them, but in a love way and support so that all of them benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings are going to run the system, and when this happens, they make mistakes every once in the time.
My name is Brian Gold.
I'm a redefined doctor.
I'm human, I make mistakes.
And I feel so much but I strive to learn something that can transmit others.
I don't know what I think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take one day today?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
I recently made a survey to more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that say picking up an average American, is 70 to the day.
It doesn't do a long long ago, in a research for a week to a group of companies.
The researchers recorded the different tasks that were designed by these executives and the time they started making related decisions with those tasks.
They found that in average, they play 130 jobs a week.
Naturally, every job included many minutes.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think about your choices.
You know how many of you belong to the category of nine minutes, and how many of you an hour of the case?
How do you heat the way that you handle those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of current," choosing to the open choice.
I want to talk about the problem and a few possible solutions.
As I talk about this I'm going to ask you a few questions, and I need to know your answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive, please give you a palm.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear about the problem of option source?
Thank you.
So being graduate student at Stanford University, he had this very, very high supermarket, at least in that time was very sophisticated.
It's called Dragon.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were like 250 different kinds of mustard and virus, over 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of water who was bombed and this was when we took traffic water.
I loved to go to that store, but at one occasion, I asked myself, why never buy anything."
This is the sign of the olive oil.
They had more than 75 different kinds of classes, including those who were in sealed boxes that came from military trees.
I once decided to visit the manager and asked him, "Do you figure out this strategy of offering all these options?
He pointed out the buses full of tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment with the merely started.
I blow up.
They had 350 different kinds of classes.
We installed a position to say, just to the entrance of the store.
We put out there in six flavors -- or 24 different flavors and looked at two things: First of all, what about people were willing to stop the merely mental?
More people stopped when there were 24 percent, 60 percent, that when only six, 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a measure of measurement.
Here we find the opposite effect.
Of those who stopped when there were 24, only three percent came to buy merely.
Of those who stopped when there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought measure.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy a sign if they found six, than if they found 24 percent.
Well, to decide that we don't buy a bit likely to make us, -- less is good to preserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of the supply of choices is affecting us in very momentous decisions.
We decided not to decide, even when this doesn't convince us.
Now the theme of the day, the financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with Gura Hungarda, email Kame and Weinday Janeies, where we looked at the decisions about savings for the retirement of about a million Americans, about about 600 plans in this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of offices of funds available in savings for fluid, the 404 program, demonstrated people to save for the future.
And we found that there was really a correlation there.
We had 65 plans that were going from two to 59 different options.
We found that the bigger the number of funds were offered -- there were less participation.
So if we look at the extreme, we see that in the plans that offer two funds -- the participation rate was 70 percent or more, not as high as it was like.
And in the plans that offered about 60 funds, the participation rate went down to the 50th century.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more options, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So, for those who decided to participate, the bigger the number of options, the more people were inclined by avoiding actions or investment funds.
As soon as there were more options, they were more willing to invest in financial accounts.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would recommend to optimize the future financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they put the decision, that you apply it even when this goes against the interest.
They're more likely to take the worst decisions in finance and health.
They're more likely to choose less satisfying things, even though they obviously get better.
The main reason is that we run to look at that giant variety of majority, mustard and virus and merely, but we are not able to do the calculations to compare and control and choose that amazing exhibition of it.
Today I want to propose to you for four simple techniques that we've shown in one way or another, in different research, so that they can test in their business.
The first is, Cooking.
You have heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, which is less than more.
People always bother when I say, "Connecticut."
They care about losing space in the corner.
But actually, what we're seeing more and more is that if you decide to cut up, you get rid of strange reductions -- there will be an increase in the sales -- going down the costs, there'll be a better experience in choice.
When Project & Gamble went from 26 different types of Health & Ships to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When corporate Cathold Cathole eliminated the products for cats of cats that were less sold -- they increased the uses in 87 -- for two causes -- bigger sales and fewer costs.
You know that the supermarket today, in average, are 45,000 products.
In a WalleeBB store are offered about 100,000 products.
But the largest store in the current world is Alzheimer's and offering only 1,200 products -- a kind of shop sauce satellite.
In the world of financial savings I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how to manage choices is David Langley, the Harvard program.
All Harvard employees are automatically ignored to a life insurance fund.
Who really want to choose, they give them 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know, often people say, "I don't know how to cut up.
They're all important options.
The first thing I do is ask the employees: "Give me the differences that are among those options.
And if your employees can't difference, you can't do it their clients."
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Gary.
He told me that he would be willing to offer the people from this audience a little bit of painting to the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give you a app if you're ready to take the Gore supply.
(Audience supply -- OK. Anybody who's ready to accept the supply.
Don't they?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who is ready for that trip.
I think I really got to hear more hands.
All right.
You actually had more information in the first round than in the second one, but I can move away and say they thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of choice overload -- which is Congress.
For people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of each choice, and that the consequences must feel very vibrating, very concentrated.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more in average when they use debit cards or credit than when you use effective use?
Because it doesn't look like real money.
It turns out to make it look more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Shanghai Bens and Alexander President, on the personnel of NGO people who worked in INDI, these people were in a meeting where they were being supported to a 404 plan.
At that meeting, we were looking at exactly how we used to use, we did a little addiction.
What we added was we requested the staff to think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this minute, there was an increase in the applications of 20 percent and an increase in the amount that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put on their savings account, four percent.
The third technique is Clausteric.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the Western supermarkets along the Redwood corridor, the magazine exhibition can contain from 33 different types to 660.
But you know?
Because the rating tells me how to tell them.
These are two jokes of jewelry.
One is called Japanese and the other, "Shortan."
If you think the one on the left is Scholessag, and the one on the right is Japan, you have a palm.
(Audience says." Well, there's a few.
If you think the one on the left is Jacrote, and the one on the right is Saturn, you give a palm.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Jacrote and the one on the right is Sauara. But you know something?
This rating scheme is totally useless.
Categories have to indicate something to choose to, not that defined them.
You often see this problem with these huge funds of funding.
You allegedly are informed?
My fourth category, consumed complexity.
It turns out that we can handle a lot more information than what we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We need to increase the complexity gradually complex.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's see a complicated decision -- the purchase of a car.
This is a German manufacturer of cars that allow us to personal personalized.
You have to take 60 decisions, to raise the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of options that offer each one.
colors, outside the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Motor, changes of change, four choices.
What I'm going to do is vary the order in which decisions appear.
So half the customers are going to go from a lot of choices, 56 colors, to a few, four boxes.
The other half of customers are going to go from a few options, four box, to 56 colors, a lot of options.
And what am I going to look?
How involved you are.
If you always get the button in every decision, this indicates that you're overwhelmed to be overwhelmed -- we're losing them.
We find that the ones that go from many options to a few options -- operating button over and over again, and another more.
We miss them.
If you go from a few options to many, they continue there.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was to alter the order in which information.
If we start with the easy, you learn how to choose.
Even though we choose the box of change not to say nothing about the preferences of inner decoration.
We're excited about a product that we're building that now has more hooked with the process.
To sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of choice support, Coral, eliminating strange alternatives -- concentrate, to make it real. Climate, we can handle more categories with less choices -- and I'll be able to convey complexity.
All of these techniques that I've introduced you were designed to help handle the alternatives or better for you, to use them in their issues, or for people who serve them.
It's that I think the key to getting the best of an election is being careful by picking up.
And the more careful we are in our best choices will be able to practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in communist Eastern Germany, if you had a typewriter of writing it had to register it to the government.
You had to record an example of text written with the machine.
And this is so the government could track the origin of text.
If you found a writer with the wrong message you could trace the footprint until the origin of the idea.
In the West, we don't realize that someone could do this, how much that would limit freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser printer of any big manufacturer of any big manufacturer and print a page, that page will end up having some yellow dots printed on every page that follow a pattern that makes you their own and your printer.
That's happening today.
And nobody seems to be working for a lot of this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, the citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems in the network.
If we look at what's happening in the world online, we can grab the attacks according to their attacks.
There are three main groups.
There are the civilizations.
The Mr. Dimine Golden of the city in Kenya, in Ukraine.
The cybercriminal cell phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cybercriminals to earn a lot of money, so intense numbers.
There are really a lot of cases on the line, multiplexing, who won money with their attacks.
This is Village Stimulus, from Tarah, Standard.
This is Alfred Google.
This is Stephen Watt.
This is Berlin Sunday.
These are Matthew Anderson Tatasman, Taron Albert, etc., etc.
These guys make their fortunes online, but they do it by illegal media by bankers to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we bought in an infected computer.
The U.S. secret service, two months ago, freezing the Swiss account of this lady, Sam Jane, and this account had 14 million dollars when it was frozen.
Mr. Jane, standing up, he knows her parallel.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us to be a victim of a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this is going to be wrong.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks that we see today is not driven by money.
There's another thing that moves, they motivate the protests, they motivate the opinions -- they motivate the laughter.
Groups like Annances have collapsed over the last 12 months by occupying a role in the online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks, the criminals that do it for money, the hackers like Annances who do it to protect and the last group are the national states the governments who attack.
And then we see cases like Dengair.
That's a good example of government attack against their own citizens.
Dignity is a certain authority of the Netherlands, or, actually, it was.
Decept the last fall, because of a sandwich.
They stop the security of the site, and they lost a cyber.
Last week, I said, in a meeting with Dutch government representatives I asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people from the attack to Denchema.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die, because of an attack of these?
Dignity is a certified authority.
They sell certificates.
What do you serve the certificates?
Well, you need if you have a website with histories, services encouraged SLS, services like Georgia.
Except that they have a stranger authority authority.
And they emit the happy certificates.
And in the case of Dennian happened, exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt the protesters took the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police in April 2011, and during the brand of the building, they found a lot of paper.
Among those papers was this cardiac titled "Isaac."
And within that folder there were notes of a company in Germany who had sold him the Egyptian government to intercept a great scale of the citizens of the country citizens.
They had sold this tool for 280,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company headquarters is right here.
Now, Western governments provide tools to the totalitarian governments so that they do this to their citizens.
But Western governments also do this themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple weeks ago, he found the Scott Higgs, a tribe used by official government officers to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interviewed.
But today it's going beyond there.
The connection to the Internet.
They will use even tools like the Scott Hollywood to infect our computer with a hole to allow them to see all the communication, and listen to the online discussions to get our data.
When we think about things like this obvious answer should be, "Well, it seems bad, but I don't really affect because I'm a honest citizen.
Why to care?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
You have the privacy.
Privacy is not discovered.
It's not a matter of privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right that we have today, will be forever.
Are we blindly going to trust any future government, in a administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, in the South National Park.
These are the cows of my dad, at the bottom, and behind the cow, the National Park.
The National Park of Nairobi has no close to the most part, which means that wild animals like brains migrate freely outside the park.
And predators, like lions -- follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of the ones who killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning, and we found it dead so I felt very bad because it was the only piece we had.
My community, the musicians, we believe that we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to pass them, and so we value them so much.
So I grew up adding a lot of lions.
They die are warriors that protect our community and livestock and they are also upset with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think that's why there are so few in the National Park.
A child in my community, six to nine years old, is responsible for the livestock of his father, and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions were afraid of it.
But I realized that actually this didn't work, because I even helped lions see the stable standard.
I didn't give up. I went on.
A second idea was to use a spray.
He tried to send the lions to think that I was near the stable.
But the lions are very smart.  They came the first day and they saw the spray, and they were, but the second day, they came back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the stadium with a torch and that day the lions didn't come.
I discovered that lions are afraid of the light that's moving.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch that I would learn and turn out the lights.
And this is a little lamp of a broken flashlight.
I arms everything.
As you can see, the solar panel charges the battery and the battery supply electricity to the little industrial box. I call it a transformation.
And the Indian box makes the lights off.
As you can see, the lights go outside, because that's where lions come from.
And that's what lions see when they come at night.
The lights drop and they send the lions to think that I'm walking through the stable, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never have trouble with lions.
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea.
One of them is this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals and I asked if I could put the lights up.
I said yes.
You put them. You can see the bottom, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used by the whole Kenya, to scare other predators like heroes, lessons, and also being used to map elephants from farms.
Thanks to this inventor, I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Browning International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping to raise funds and awareness.
I even brought my friends to my community and install lights in the houses that don't have them, and teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, I was just a child on the shore of my father's shortchain, and I used to see airplanes flying and he said that one day would be inside one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time to TED.
My big dream is to become an engineer of aviation and pilot.
I used to hate the lions, but now as my invention is saving my dad and the lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
Okay. What in my tongue means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So you got a scholarship. Richard Turkey," yeah.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next one on your list?
RL: My next invention is -- I want to do an electric fence -- CA: A near electric close?
RL: I know that you were already invented by electrical close, but I want to do the mine.
CA: So you tried it once again, right? And you -- RS: I've tried it before, but I stopped because I got a call.  CA: At the foot of the Canyon. Richard Turkey, you're a big thing.
We're going to encourage in every step that you know, my friend.
Thank you very much. RS: Thank you very much.
When I was a little boy, I thought my country was the best of the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "I don't envy anything."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying Kim Islamic history, but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan are the enemy.
Although sometimes I asked myself about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend all my life in North Korea, until everything changed suddenly all of a sudden changed.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family wasn't poor, and I was never hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter from my sister's school.
He said, "When you read this, the five family members will stop there in this world, because we haven't eaten in the two weeks past.
We're stuck together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak. We're ready to die."
I was very heat.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At a long time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible I can't delete from my memory.
A woman without life was dead on the street, holding a child climbing in his arms looking at her mother without being able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge famine hand in North Korea in the middle of the 1990s.
At the end, over a million Norwegians died during famine and only few survive eating grass, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more frequent the energy cuts all around me was completely at dark at night except by sea lights in China, just crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and we don't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the Arab River, which serves the boundaries between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very angry at certain points, allowing north to cross secretly.
But many of them die.
Sometimes I see bodies floating on the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I came out of North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of famine I was sent to China to live with distant parts.
But I just thought I'd be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined it would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be as a Norwegian refugee.
But I soon learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because the Norwegian refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants in China.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be repeated to a horrible destination.
One day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police and introduced me in the police station.
Somebody had accused me to be northeast, then I looked at my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't look natural, it could be incarcerated and deposited.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answered the questions.
At the end of the infrastructure, an officer said to another, "This was a fake report. She's not northern."
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some notes in China are looking for asylum in foreign embryos.
But many can be arrested by Chinese police and depositions.
These women were very lucky.
They were eventually released after an international pressure hard.
These Koreans didn't have so much luck.
Every year, inconsistent Koreans are captured in China and sports to North Korea, where they're tortured or incarcerated or executed in public.
Even though I was lucky to escape. Many other Koreans have not been so lucky.
It's tragic that the Koreans have to hide their identity and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and find work, all of its world can take it into a second.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I've decided to go to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
In South Korea it was a much larger challenge than I expected.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a great gap between North and South Africa.
We're all Koreans, but in the inside, we've come to be very different because of 67 years of divide.
You even get a crisis of identity.
Am I a surface or Northern or North?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country I could call with a proud of mine.
Although adapting to life in South Korea was not easy, I made a plan. I started studying for the income exam to college.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I got an alarming call.
The authorities in North Korea took some money that I sent to my family, and as a punishment -- my family was going to be displaced to force to a location on the outside.
They had to flee immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
The Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North and South Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China and I walked into the border with North Korea.
Because my family could not speak Chinese, I had to put them up, somehow for over 3,000 miles through China and then through southern Asia.
The bus trip took a week, and we almost went through several times.
Once again, our bus was arrested and tackled by a Chinese police officer.
He asked all of all and started asking them questions.
As my family could not understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese officer came up to my family, I was primarily standing up and told him that they were deaf people who was accepting.
I looked at me, but fortunately, I believed it.
We did all the way to the Laboratory border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Labs.
But even after spending the border, my family was arrested and incarcerated by crossing the border increasing.
After paying biologists and bribes, my family was released in a month.
But at time, my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the Lake capital.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did all of my family, and we were so close to my family, but my family was returned in prison to short distance of the South Korean embassy of South Korea.
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or biologists.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man asked, "What is the problem?
I was so surprised that a stranger would make him ask.
With my poor English and with a dictionary, I explained the situation, and without dealing, the man went to the ATM and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for two other Koreans and get them out of prison.
I thank you all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do I help me?
"I'm not helping you, he said.
"I'm helping the North people."
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The lovely unknown symbolizes a new hope for me and for the Norwegian people when we needed it.
And it showed me that the kindness of the unknown and the support of the international community is really the strands of hope that the North people need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But making your freedom is only half the battle.
Many notes are separated from their families and when they go up to a new country, they start with a little bit of money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, practical language practices, labor practice and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us keep in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from within.
I've been very lucky, I've got a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help you to give Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more Norway transparent around the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Central Center.
This is Center South Central Center: Line shops, fast food, barrier land.
So the people in the city came together and they thought, we're going to change the South Central name for something else, so they changed it to the South Angeles as if this would fix what's really wrong in the city.
This is the South Angeles --  -- lines of liquids, fast food, barrier land.
Like 26 million other Americans, I live in a food desert, the Angeles Central South, home of food in food to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to lead more people than food in the car.
People are dying of curable diseases in Los Angeles Central South.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times older than, say, Beverly Hillarys, which is about 15 miles away.
I'm glad to see this happen.
And I ask myself, how would you feel if they didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you come home you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood?
I see chairs of compressed wheels and sold like used cars.
I see colorful dioxide centers like Starbucks.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
And I also tired of driving 45 minutes away, and back to buy an apple that doesn't have any pencils.
What I did was planted a food forest in front of my house.
In a land of land we call a garden.
That's about 45 feet at three feet.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it going.
I said, "Well, I can do what comes to me in win, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
This is how I decided to keep it going.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Groups, we put together and we started planting our food forest, fruit trees, you know, nine complete vegetables.
What we do, we are sort of a group that is paid by carbon companies from all the processes, all over the city and completely volunteers, and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then someone complained it.
The city got to me and in summary, they gave me a cartoon saying that I had to retire my garden, the city was made organic order.
And I said, "Come on, right?
A judicial order for planting food in a piece of land that no one cares?  So he was like, "Well, let's get it."
Because this time it wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Louise, and he talked to the contractor and one of the Green Groups members who put a petition in Charlie, with 900 signs, we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My office even called to say that they were going to go back and they love what we were doing.
I mean, let's go, why not?
L.A. is the U.S. city with more balloon terrain.
He's 60 miles of barred terrain.
That equals 20 Central Parks.
That's enough space to plant 750 million pieces of tomato plants.
Why does the hell don't look like this?
It will grow a plant to give a thousand thousand seeds.
When a dollar of skills will give you 75 dollars of results.
It's my hydro, when I tell people, cultivated your own food.
Growing your own food is like printing your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for South Central Center.
I grew up there. I raised my kids there.
It resistent me to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me for others, and I'm going to manufacture my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The garden is my graph, I grow my art.
Just like an artist of graphic, that it picks up walls, I eat soil, gardens.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas, and the plants and the trees, are my emergence of that canvas.
You will be surprised to see what the earth can do, if you let it be your canvas.
You just can't imagine how amazing a guitar is and how people affect people.
What happened?
I'm a witness of how my garden became a tool of education, of the transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We are the land.
You will be surprised to see how they affect the kids.
The garden is the most therapeutic and provocative act that you can do, especially in an urban edge.
Also, they get cold.
I remember an occasion, who came a mother and his daughter, were like the 1930s, at night and they were in my garden. I went out and looked very like.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame when I saw people who were so close to me, and this just reinforces why I do this, people ask me, "Finally, don't you fear people will steal your food?
I say, "Oh my God, I don't fear you're going to steal it."
That's why it's on the street.
That's what it is about.
I want you to take it, but at its time, I want you to play your health.
There was another time when I put a garden in a refugee for the shapes in Los Angeles.
They were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous. I was shared by their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and his grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so it was just for a moment.
So Green Groups has come to plant maybe 20 garden.
We've had about 50 people who come from, work and participate, all in voluntary plan.
If the kids grow color, the kids eat it.
If you grow tomatoes, you eat tomatoes --  but if none of this is taught you, if you don't teach them how food affects your mind and your body, you eat blind in the front of the front.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're stuck. I see color kids that are on this path designed for them, that doesn't bring them nowhere.
With the garden, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who fell out of their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington Carter is produced.
But if we don't change the composition of land, we'll never do it.
Now this is one of my plans. This is something I want to do.
I want to plant all a square of gardens, where people can share food on the same picture.
I want to take content and turn them into healthy coffee.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because the free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability, you have to sustain it.
So what I talk about is putting people to work, take the kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor to grow their own food, opening market markets.
What I want to do here, we need to make it sexy.
I want all of you to become electronic regists, standards, supply horses.
We need to change the script of what a sense is.
If you're not a bird, you're not a supply.
That the stands take their pace right?
That is your choice gun.
Ultimately, if you want to meet me, well, if you want to see me, they don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about making a little bit of a diet, to talk about making some means.
If you want to see me, come to the garden with your mouth so that we can plant something.
peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Music ("Fins Millennium:  (Pairs of Microsoft?  You probably all agree with me when this is a very nice road.
It's made of asphalt and asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, where it leads a lot.
You can have a huge amount of water in the asphalt that you see.
And especially if you're riding in your bicycle, and these cars go by, that's not very nice.
Also, the asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we would want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make parallel stages.
The portal asphalt -- a material that we use now in most of the roads in the Netherlands, has pores and water can pass through it, so all the rainwater is going to flow on the side and have a road where it's easy to drive, and they won't get out of water.
The noise will also disappear in these pores as well.
Because it's very hollow -- the whole noise will disappear, so it's a very silent road.
It also has disasters, of course, and the downside of this road is that it can be displayed.
What is it? You see that in this road, the stones on the surface are coming out.
First of all, then a little bit more and more and more and so on, and then -- well, I'm not going to do that.  But you can give him his parallels, and you're not happy with it.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create bacteria with that.
Ah, it's ready.
Bacteria, of course, that you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can actually see how damage comes in this material.
It's a porous, as I said, so it only has a little amount of advance between the stones.
Because of the instinct, the ultraviolet light, to the oxygen, this advantage, this baby, the glue between the rivers, will be picked, and if you fight, you will be doing microscopes and you separate from the advertisers.
So if you drive on the road, you will get the added advertisements, as we saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think about self-in-law materials.
If we can make this material strengthen, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel land, from that to clean salts, and we can cut the steel wool into very small chunks, and we can mix those little bits with the baby.
So we have asphalt with little chunks of steel on it.
And then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- an indication machine.
The introduction can heat up, especially steel, is very good at that.
So what you have to do is to heat the steel, melt the web, the baby flow through these microscopes and the stones will look back at the surface.
Today I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the big introduction machine here to the stage.
The microwave oven is a similar system.
I put the sample, which now I'm going to take to see what happened.
This is the sample that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there and then the government, they really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's really interesting. We have to try.
So they gave us a piece of roads, 400 meters from the Apple highway, where we had to do a test cart to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the test on the road, and then of course, this road lasts several years without any harm. That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road, and we tested them in the lab.
We made the samples and we put a lot of charge on them, and we repair them then with our outrage, and we repair them and we went back to it.
We can repeat this a lot of times.
Well, to conclude, I can say we've made a material using steel fibers, including these fibers, using the energy of industrialization to actually increase the life of the surface of the road, even you can double the life of the surface, you can actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity of whether this also worked.
We still have the sample here. It's pretty hot.
You actually have to cool first before I can show you how it acts the repair act.
But I'm going to do a try.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember standing up one morning with the sound of the book in my house.
My father was listening to BBC News.
He had a big smile in his face that was unusual in those times, because the news generally depressed.
"The Taliban were going to be screamed.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school, he said.
One morning I will never forget.
True school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban came out of Afghanistan, and they made illegal girls come to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a child to escort my older sister who could no longer be outside to go to a secret school.
It was the only way that we could actually educate them.
Every day, we had a different route so that nobody could suspect where we were.
We had to hide the books on the market bags so that it looks like we were shopping.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us stuck in a small room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew we risk our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Instead, school suddenly closed for a week, because the Taliban supported the salamanticists.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Were they following us?
Did you know where we live in?
We were attached, but still, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very fortunate to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a theory.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total instinct of a remote provinces of Afghanistan, insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school and so his father turned it out.
But my educated mother became a teacher.
This is it.
It will retire two years ago, just to turn our house into school for girls and women from our neighborhood.
And my father, this is, was the first of his family to receive education.
There was no doubt that his children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban.
For him, there was a bigger risk to not educate his children.
For the years of the Taliban. I remember there were moments that I was very frustrated by our life, and I was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to quit, but my father said, "You know, you know, my dad -- you can lose everything you have in life.
They can steal your money. They can force your house during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, which is here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So you still want to continue?
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country which has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of the women in my age have more than the scanner, and if my family had not been so engaged with my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself here proud to graduate in Middle College in change.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, who was explored from his home for the courage of educating his daughters, was one of the first to congratulate them.
He's not just about my college degree, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, which I carry it through the streets of Kanzia.
My family believe in me.
I dream big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 1966, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded OLH, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls going to school.
The exciting thing is I see students in my school with the strong desire to leverage the opportunity.
And I see his parents and their families who, like mine, advocate for them, despite and still in front of a denial opposition.
Like Bay. It's not your real name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter would walk from JL5 to his village, and literally they escaped to be killed by a bomb on the road, for minutes.
When you get to his house, they are the phone, a voice would warn him that if he kept sending his daughter to school, they would try.
"Tell me if you like, "But I'm not going to give the future of my daughter for his old and deliberately deliberately interested ideas."
What I've given to you about Afghanistan, and it's something that's often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of whom we succeed, there is a father who recognized the value of their daughter, and it sees that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success.
In fact, often are the first compelling interests of the bright future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban. The girls who went to school are in hundreds of -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear that these changes don't last much, after the retirement of the United States.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I see students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, that they encourage them, I see a future programmable and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and unlimited possibilities -- and every day, the GPS girls remember me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the existence: "Hey, resist Gadcen. Fight against him.
But you never get a revolutionary style.
Almost two years have spent since the free revolution inspired by the slippers of mass mobility so much of the Tunisian revolution as well as the Egyptian revolution.
A forces with many other liberal citizens, inside and outside of the country to call a day of foreign and start a revolution against Gapola technical regime.
And we did it. It was a great revolution.
Women and young young men were in the carbon, and they demanded the fall of the regime, carrying freedom of freedom, dignity and social justice.
You have shown an example of an example in dealing with the brutal dictator of Gaddive.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the extreme East, to the West, to the south.
Finally, after a six months of brutal war and a few losses of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the shoes.
But Gadorami left a heavy burden -- a legacy of tyranny and corruption and alternative seeds.
For four decades, the technical regime of Gaddafi, destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral structure of free society.
aware of the devastation and the challenges, I've wanted to go along with many other women, rebuild free civil society -- raising an inclusive transition and just to democracy and national reconciliation.
There were about 200 organizations in Beijing for and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, about 300 in Trivia.
After a period of 33 years of exile I went back to Libya, and with unique enthusiasm I began to organize workshops about the development of capacity, and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women we founded the Life Women's platform for peace, a women's movement, leaders of very diverse orientation to advocate for the social autonomy of women and for our right of equality in the building of democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the prefrontal period, an environment that was getting more polarized and moved from the political selfish policy and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won a 175 percent of the National Congress.
However, a little bit of a little bit, the energy of elections and revolution as a whole, they were disappearing, every day we found the news of violence.
One day we woke up with the news of the profound mosques and the substance toxic.
Another day I loved the news of the American ambassador and the attack to the consumer.
Another day we woke up with the news of the office murder of the army.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the military and their conservation of human rights of prisoners and their lack of respect of law.
Our society formed by a revolutionary mindset, the more and it has gone away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, we had the beginning.
Intelligent and excuse and revenge.
I'm not here today to inspire you with our story of the success of "super-engineering "story" and elections.
More well here today to trust that we, as a nation, we choose bad, we make the wrong decision.
We didn't do well.
Because the choices didn't bring peace and stability and security to Libya.
Change and alternative list between candidates and candidates brought peace and national recovery?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society still polarized and dominated with selfish policies of domination and exclusion.
Perhaps what was missing was not just women, but the female values of compassion, mercy.
Our society needs the national dialogue and creation of consensus more than they needed the election, which only reinforced polarization and division alone.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female more than need the numerical representation and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as an agent of outrage, and call it the anger.
We need to start acting as compassion agents and mercy.
We have to develop a female discourse that not just honor but also putting the mystery instead of the vibration, the collaboration instead of the competition, the inclusion instead of the exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, destroyed by war, needs desperately to get peace.
Because peace has a algorithm that deals with interaction and alternative between female perspectives and males.
That's the real creation.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a social form.
According to a version of the Koran Koroya: Parishaine -- "is the word of the God Mexican -- "Man," compassion."
At the same time, the word "Raman: Which is known in all the ability arranging, has the same root in Arabic that the word "Raman -- "I have the same root in Arabic that the word "Raman -- sympathering the female and the material, which is going to go to all the humanity that men and women, which all tribes and all people have embraced.
And so just like the uterus completely covers the embryo that grows inside the divine matrix of the entire compassion all the existence.
This is how you say, "My mercy.
This is what it is like, "My mercy.
That everybody is connected to the grace of misery.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an insane question, which has an equally uncomfortable answer.
This is the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to deal with is what everybody does always, why is she left?
Why was anybody going to stay with a man who stops you?"
I'm not a psychiatrist, and I'm not a social worker, or an expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old. I had just met at Harvard University.
I moved to New York City for my first job as a writer and editor in the Seventh magazine magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green American Army Abraham, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, that I created my alma twin -- I was standing on the head with a pill, charged with stone backs.
The man, who I loved more than anybody in this world, put a pill in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of "Power love: a psychological trap. It was distributed by love, where they fall every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could be your story.
I don't look like a typical subjective of domestic violence.
I'm a little bit licensed in English at Harvard University, and I have a MBA in marketing from the White Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for the Fortune 500 list, between them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Burge and The Washington Post, Brown.
I took almost 20 years to marry my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black drug and I lead a Hong Oxygen.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all the race, all the religions, all the levels of wind and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a women's problem.
Not exactly.
Over 85 percent of the photos are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships and interventions and long duration or saying in another way, in families, the last place where we want or expect or expect to find violence, which is why the domestic abuse is so deliberate.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would stay with a man who stops him, and I was actually a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States of the United States of the ages of 16 to 24 years of age have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than other ages, and over 500 women and girls from that age are killed every year by mates.
I was also a typical victim because I knew nothing about domestic violence, their warning signals or their patterns.
I met Congo in a cold, rainy night of January.
I was sitting on my side in New York subway and started to fly with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he was also just released from a University of the Air Lead and worked in a very important bank of Wall Street.
But what struck me most in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and it seemed a kid of the field.
And I had big movements like apples and a free brain boundary, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that Congo did, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner.
He did it all the way to the beginning in a peak.
We started coming out and loved everything from me, which was ready that I had gone to Harvard, who put passion to help teenage girls and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Consumer believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, like no one had ever done it.
And that's why the literature in that prestigious school and the work in Wall Street and his bright future had so much importance for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any domestic violence relationship is to stop and make the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was go from New York and leave my dreams, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted my work and Congo and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a "Stone Los Loss," which was entering the head in a physical trap.
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts it.
And this is where those piles come in.
As soon as we moved to New England you already know, that place where Congo had to feel so secure was bought three pilots.
One was in the car sugar.
Another one under the pillow in our bed and the third always in their pocket.
And he said that I needed those pills because of the trauma that I lived from small.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those pills actually were a message for me, and even though I never raised my hand, my life was already in danger serious every minute in every day.
The first physical attack of Congress happened five days before our wedding.
They were seven in the morning and still had the shame.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother back and married me with him.
In spite of what had happened, I was sure that we would live happily forever, because I loved him, and he was very much, too.
And I was very surprisingly.
It just had felt very upset by the wedding and the fact of the fact of the fact of a family with me.
He had been an isolated accident and I would never make me harm.
I spent twice more in our honey moon.
The first time I was driving into a secret beach and lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I stole several times against the car window.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our honey moon, he ran through the traffic and threw me a Big Mac cold to the face.
Connect followed a week or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is victims of domestic violence or at some point in their life, and the Center of Disease Control reported that every year 15 million children are married, 15 million.
So actually, I had very good company.
I go back to my question: Why did I get there?"
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
On the contrary, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a profoundly strange man, and it was the only person in the world who could help Congo face her developments.
The other question that everybody does is, why don't you just get to move?
Why did I not go? I could have gone at any time.
For me this is the most sad and painful question that people do, because we, the victims, know something that normally you ignore -- is incredibly dangerous to abandon a marriage.
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is killing it.
More than 70 percent of the murder in the cases of domestic violence occur after the victim has finally put the relationship to the relationship, after the market, because then the abuse has nothing to lose.
Other repercussions include permanent steel, even after the astronaut has gone back to move, financial resources, and manipulation of the family system in the family to landing the victim and their children, who are usually forced by judges to spend not super-controlled with the man who pasted their mother.
And we still keep asking why is it simply not going?
I was able to be able to go from a last sandwich that I found my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, I would have killed me if he had allowed it.
So I broke the silence.
I told everyone the world: the police, my neighbors, to my friends and family, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to establish victims as honest headlines, self-destructive women, damaged goods.
The question, "Why is it left?
For some people it's a way to say, "The guilt is its for staying with me: as if the victims are intuitively choosing to fall in love with men who want to destroy them.
But since I published "Love Losing," I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who also escaped that they learned an incredibly clever lesson of what happened to them and they brought their lives out of the joyful and happy lives like employees, wife and mothers, completely free lives of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that I'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence.
I got married with a tender man and killed and we have those three children.
I have that black lab, and also that mentalia.
What I'm not going to do is never have more of it, and it is a pill to pointing my head in hands of someone who says I want.
At this point, you're just thinking, "Hey, that's fascinating -- or "Hey, how stupid it was: but all this time I actually have been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people, that you're listening to me right now, that they're being killed or they were small or they're abused themselves.
The malaria could be affecting his daughter, his sister to her best friend right now.
I was able to end my crazy particular love by breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last petition to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse thrives only in silence.
They have the power to end domestic violence simply throwing light on it.
The victims need everybody.
We need every one of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
Take the math out of the light talking about it with your children, their jobs, your friends and family.
They give up their vision of survivors as fantastic and lovely people, who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to intervene consciously, to slow up their scale and show the victims a safe salary.
Together, we can turn our beds together, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful issues that should be.
Thank you.
Hello. I call me Cameron Russia, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, since 10 years ago.
And I feel that right now, there is an uncomfortable tension in the room because I shouldn't have dressed out that --  luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first shift shift on a TED stage, so you have a lot of luck to put it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when it came up, they don't have to tell them now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These guys are very uncomfortable, less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to spend this sweater through your head, because it's when you're going to laugh about me, so you don't do anything while I cover your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
Apparanch is powerful, but also surface.
I totally changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a boyfriend in real life.
He was totally uncomfortable and the photographer told me that I would articulate the back and put the hair out of the kid.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial bureaucrat like the one that made me two days for the work, there is very little that we can do to transform our looks, which, although superficial and immune, has a big impact in our lives.
So today, to me, being brave means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice and white woman, and in my workforce, that's being a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but in a certain way.
The first question is, how is it going to be model?
And I always say, a coalitions discovered, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I became model is because I won the genetic lottery, and I'm the benefit of a heritage and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries we not only have defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry -- which we're biologically programmed to admire too, we've also associated with it at a high and make a picture, to the feminine and to a white skin.
And that's my heritage -- the heritage I've been able to leverage to make money.
And I know there are people in the audience who now show scale, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion that say, wait, wait, there are Nanotech, Tar Samarons, John Wenne.
First of all, happy to know so much of models. It's amazing.
But I really have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at New York University told each and every one of the models in the runway, and from the 67 models controlled -- only 27 percent, which is less than four percent, were not white.
The next question that people always ask me is: Could it be model when it's up?"
And my first answer is: I don't know, I'm not comfortable with that.
But then what I really would tell each of these girls is, why? You can be what you want.
You can be president from the United States, or the invention of the next Internet, or a negative and a present craft surgeon, which would be awesome, because you'd be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, they're still insects, no, no, Cameron, I want to be model, then I say, "I know my chip.
Because I'm not in charge of nothing, and you could be the head of the Record American magazine, or the executive director of HIV, or the next Steven Mexico.
I mean you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're larger.
It's outside your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job you can choose.
I'm going to show you all what I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike the heart surgery, it can be solved right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you've done your studies, and you have a curriculum and a few jobs to your back, no matter what you say, if you said you want to be president from the United States, but your curriculum said, model clothes inside of 10 years, people would look weird.
The next question that people always do is if all the pictures are retired.
And yes, virtually all the pictures, but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture that they took me, and also the first time I used a Bible, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a girl.
This is what I looked next to my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a couple of days before the photos for French voices.
Here I am with my football team and the magazine V.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those pictures.
They're creation of a group of professionals, legal, machines, photographers and stairs, and all their aid and pressure people and property, and they get to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always ask me is: Do you get free things?
I have too many talents of 20 inches and I never use, except the previous couple of years, but the privilege I get in the real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and once I went to a store, and I forgot to take money, and they gave me the free love.
When I was a teenager, I traveled with my friend who was a little broadcaster, and he jumped out a red season and of course, and of course, they stood up, and I was a sorry, agent to be able to keep driving.
I enjoy these privilege by my respect, not because of what I am, and there are people paying a price for their mind no matter who they are.
I live in New York City, and last year, from the 140,000 teenagers who were stopped and recorded, 86 percent were black and Latino men, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 177 young black and Latino young people in New York, so for them, it's not a question of me?
How many times are I going to stand up? And what?
By researching for this talk, I learned that at 53 percent of the 13 years of 13 in the United States don't like their body, and that figure rises to 78 percent to 17.
So, the last question that people do is, what is the life of a model?
And I think the answer that you expect is, if you're a little bit more thin and you have the brightest hair, you will feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give a response that maybe it looks like this.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible to be able to work with creative and ingenious and passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just one part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I have never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I am because I have to worry about me every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with a few more thin legs and the bad hair, will be happier.
You just have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs -- the brightest hair and the clothes, but probably being the most insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial and gender oppression when I am one of the biggest benefits.
If there is something to go back from this talk, I hope that all of them feel more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image that we have of success and failure.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since I was most enough enough to hold a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 most precious pictures, and I wasn't me who took them.
There were no artistic directors, no explosions, no opportunity to repeat the photos or even a minimum care in the lighting.
In fact, most of them gave them random tourists.
My story begins when I found in New York City to give a pennism, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter at his first birthday -- that's the corner of the 57 and the five.
I gave the chance that we went back to New York City just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter, my wife said to me, why don't you take you to wise New York on a dark trip and you continue to continue?
This is when we started asking the tourists that they were going to get out of the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of giving the camera to a complete unknown is so universal.
No one has been denied and, fortunately, no one has ever been with the camera.
At the time, we weren't aware of how much we would change this journey.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way of stopping time in a week of October and make us rethink about our time and our evolution over the years, and not only at the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, although we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter gets new stories, and I can see life through their eyes and how you perceive and interact with everything.
That time in concrete that we spend together is something we expect with illusion all the year.
Recently, in one of the trips -- we were walking on, when suddenly it stopped in dry and pointed out a red soldier of the wrist store that I loved from small in previous visits before.
And I described what had felt about five years of foot in that same place.
I started to remember his heart to stick with force by seeing that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at in New York are universities, because it's determined to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create are the memories.
So I want to share the idea of engaging in the conscious creation of memories.
I don't know you, but apart from these 15 pictures, I don't get in many of the family pictures.
I am always the one that runs the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and they don't doubt to come up with somebody and ask yourself, "Do you get a photo up?
Thank you.
I want to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The burdens are in the most threatened birds.
First of all, why do they have so bad press?
It also has been associated with Disney laughter personally performing characters, silly characters, stupid.
More recently, if you've been following the laughter Kenyan press, applause and activists these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament.
I don't accept it. You know why?
Because the members of the Parliament don't keep the environment.  The parliament doesn't help prevent the spread of disease.
They're hardly monitoring.   They're far away from extending.  And my favorite, the burdens have better presence    There are two types of burner on this planet.
There are the New World Buddhist burdens that are primarily found in America, like the coastal and the shame and the wireless Words, where we have 16 species -- from these 16, 11 percent of the high risk of extinction.
So, why are the birds important? First of all, provide vital ecological services.
They're our natural trash recycles.
They clean the cadavers to the bone.
They help kill all bacteria. They help absorb the anthrax that not to be for them to spread and causing large losses of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no burdens, they take three to four times longer to describe, and this has huge ramifications in the spread of disease.
The buddress also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture.
Newton was the symbol of the prototype and the material, and along with the coffee, they sympathed the unit between the Alta and the United Egypt.
In the Indian mythology -- Japan was the baby god, and he risked his life to save the Dinner Side of the 10 head Deviliability.
In the Tibetan culture, they do some very important energy ends in places like Tibet -- there's no place to bury the dead, or the wood to create them, so these burdens provide a system of natural eliminating system.
What's the problem with the burdens?
We have eight species of bars in Kenya, which is that six are at the extreme threat of extinction.
The reason is that they're being sentenced, and the reason they're being sent is because there are conflicts between humans and fluid. The landscape communities use this venom against predators, and as a consequence, the burdens are victims of this.
In South Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of burner are at the critical list of extinction, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years, and the reason is because they fall prey from the consumer consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like Delhi.
This drug has been banned for veterinarians in India and have taken a position.
Since there is no burdens, there's been a spread in the number of street dogs in string strings, and when you have street dogs, you have a huge bomb of time for radio, the number of cases of radio has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind parks in Africa, 350 agricults are going to be up from Lake Turkey.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to the birds. They cut them through half.
They're birds of birds.
In Western Africa, there's a horrible trade of dead bulls to serve the brain and the photographers market.
So what are you doing? Well, we're looking at these birds. We're putting them transmitted.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel by different countries, so focus on a problem that is not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in the regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciation to the burdens, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and the services that they make.
How can you help? It can become active -- to make noise. You can write a letter to your government and tell them we have to focus on these very unbelievable creatures -- documenting their time to spread the word. Disappear the word.
When they go out of this room, they'll be informed about the burdens, but they talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors on the burdens.
They're very elegant. Charles Darwin said that he changed the opinion, because he saw them flying without effort, no energy spending in the sky.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do and everything I do professionally -- my life -- has been shaped for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1970 to 1977, to 1977, I read young -- but I don't.  I worked in Zambia. Kenya, Marshall Cost, Argentina and Somalia, in technical cooperation projects with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO and every project that we established in Africa failed.
And I was put up.
I thought, at the age of 21, the Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
And instead of that, all we did do is we touched it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "Driven of Zambia, was a project where some Italians decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food.
So we came up with Italian seeds south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that goes down to the Zambia River, and we teach local collaborations to grow Italian tomatoes and sheets and ...
Of course, people were not at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't go to work, and we were amazed that the local locals, in such a fragile valley, wouldn't have had agriculture.
However, instead of asking them how it was possible that they didn't grow anything, we just said, "Thank God we are here."  Just at time to save the people in Zambia.
And of course, everything in Africa grew beautiful.
We got these magnificent shots. In Italy, a tomato would grow like this size. In Zambia.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the shadows, "Look at how easy the farmer is.
When the tomatoes were beautiful, mature and red, overnight. At night to the morning, about 200 hypothesis came from the river and ate everything.  And we said to the shadows, "Oh my God, we hit them."
And the embarrassing people said, "Yeah, that's why we don't have agriculture here: "Why didn't they say, "You never asked.
I thought only we Italians made mistakes in Africa, but then I saw what Americans did, what the English did, what the English did, what the English did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hypothesis.
You should look at the waste --  -- you should see the waste that we gave to the confirmed people in Africa.
You want to read a book, read "Adam Dead from Dames Moore, embarrassing economics.
The book was published in 2009.
We, we, Western donors, we have led to the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that money has causes.
Just read your book.
Look at it from an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are impressions, colonial missions, and treat people only two ways, or we pay them, or we are pathologies.
The two words come from the Latin Rate Rate, which means "father."
However, they mean two different things.
Pathigged, I treat any of a different culture as if you were my kids. I want a lot of you."
Parallel, I treat all of a different culture as if you were my services.
So white people in Africa are called Babbage, boss.
That book gave me a slap in the face -- "The small is beautiful, written by Schukwick, who said about all economic development, if people don't want to be helped to be helped alone alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to respect it.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground and said, can you imagine a city that isn't new not a new city of nonprofit?
I decided at the age of 27 to just respond to people, and I invented a system called Facebook Facebook where you never start anything, but it becomes a service of the local passion, the service of the local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So, what do you do? It falls down.
You never get to a community with an idea, and you feel with the people in the locality either.
We don't work from offices.
We met in a coffee coffee. We met in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give someone an idea.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what are you going to do?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that man has for his own personal growth is the most important thing.
And so we help them find knowledge, because nobody in the world can succeed alone.
The person with the idea may not have the knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not we, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why no, for once we hear them, but not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs never assign, and they never will say, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity they have identified.
So, planning has this blind dot.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face to face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You should create a new profession.
The profession is the family doctor of the company, the business family of the business, which is established with you in your house, on your kitchen table, in the coffee and helps him find the resources to transform their passion in a way of making life.
I started this as a test in hope, Western Australian city.
He was doing a Ph.D. at that time, trying to get away from this condition that we get to tell you what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects in the march, and the government came to me to see to ask, "How can you do that?
How can you do it? And I said, "I did something very, very, very hard.
I fell to you and I heard them.  So --  So the government says, "Go again.  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 40,000 businesses.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness.
Peter Drugs, one of the most great business advisers in history, passed at the age of '96, a few years ago.
Peter Drugs was a philosophy professor before involved in business, and this is what Peter Desoran says -- "The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company?
planning is the kiss of the death of the business spirit.
So now you are reconstructing Christian without knowing what the most self-confident people in Christian want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to come up with you.
You have to offer you conflict, privacy, it has to be fantastic when you help them, and then you will be going to be going to be able to come in mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion.
What presentation is this morning flowered?
passionate local people. That's what you have clapping.
So, what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We're at the end of the first industrial revolution -- not renewable fossil -- manufacturing -- and from one point to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The background as a way of holding machines is not sustainable.
What we need to consider is how we nutrients, cure, educating us, we transport to seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do that.
Who is going to invent technology for the green revolution for the green revolution. Forget it."
Government? Forget it?
They'll be the entrepreneurs and they are doing it now.
There's a remarkable story that I read in a futuristic magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in 1860.
And in 1860, this group of people gathered together this group of people, and they speculate what would happen to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was the unit, the city of New York would not exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve and they pointed out, if the population keeps growing up to this rate, to train the population of New York to the surroundings, they would require six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to deal with.
They were already coming up in the stranger.  And so in 1860, they were developing this dirty technology that would be working on New York City.
So what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States of the United States showed 100 car manufacturing companies, 100.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very little, space, factories in parking places.
Derek, Michael Ford Muslim.
However, there's a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First of all, you have to offer you.
Otherwise, you're not going to come to a conversation with you.
Then you have to offer you a absolute, dedicated service, an enthusiastic service.
And then you will have to tell you the truth with respect to it.
The smallest company, the biggest company, has to be able to do three things: the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic. You have to count with a fantastic marketing, and you have to count with a great financial administration, and you have to count a great financial management.
Guess what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that can do and sell and look for money alone.
There is no exist.
This is still not born.
We have research and looked at the 100 companies of the Carnegie world, Western Edison, Edison, Ford -- all new companies, Google, Yaha.
There is only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, only one: No one was started by one person.
I never would be the word "I said, "That's 32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody begins a company alone. No one.
So we can create the community where we have facials, who come from an environment of small businesses sitting in coffee categories, in bars next to their shrimp dedicated who will do for you, what somebody did for this gentleman who talks about this epidemic, someone who asks you, what do you need?
What can you do? Can you do that?
Well, can you sell it? Can you look for the money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that." "Would I want you to look for anybody?
We activate communities.
Thank you.
The people around us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like self-confidence, plants and chalk.
These projects came from questions like, how much of my neighbors pay for their apartments?
How can we pay and ask more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do we share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape?
How do our hopes share more of our hopes in the empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams?
I live in New Orleans, and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with giant robots who give shadows and borders and streets for centuries and contrast in a city.
It always goes to music.  There is a shot in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the largest amount of abandoned properties.
I live near this house and I thought about how I could turn it into a more nice space for the neighborhood, and also something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost somebody who loved a lot.
It was John, as a mother for me.
His death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this produced me a profound gratitude for life and that led to me.
He gave the significant things about my current life.
But I grew to keep this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let the day go through the day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with the help of old, new friends transformed the wall of this house abandoned in a giant blackboard, and painted on her phrases to completely completely, before I die.
So the trains could take a chalk. reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but the next day the wall was ready and kept covering it.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
Before I died, I want to be judged by piece:  Before I died, I want to sit on the date of the date change."
Before I die, I want to sing for millions of people."
Before I died, I want to plant a tree.
Before I died, I want to live outside the Web.
Before I died, I want to hug it again."
Before I died, I want to go to the rescue of somebody."
"Before die I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space was constructed and the dreams and the hopes of people made me laugh at cards, and they destroyed me, and they gave me comfort at hard times.
It's about knowing that you're not just -- it's about understanding our neighbors in new ways and strangers, it's about empowering the reflection and the control, and to remember what is most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started receiving hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center, we made a kit and now have been walls in countries around the world, like Katsarons, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
We together demonstrate the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of distribution -- it's more important than ever, finding ways to preserve the perspective and remember that life is short and delicate.
death is something we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that trust us more power.
Think of climate death our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters as individuals and as a community and more media to share hope, fears and stories, the people around us not only can help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Today I have a single request.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brother.
Remea is 22 years old, it's high and very smoking.
It doesn't talk, but it brings better joy than some of the best speakers.
I remember knowing what love is.
I share it completely what happens.
It's not amazing. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
They don't care about religious differences and look at this: Never lied.
When I sing songs from our childhood, trying to figure out words that I can't even remind you, I remember one thing: how little we know about mind and how wonderful it should be the unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old. It's high. It's very stick.
It puts the most impossible memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
It doesn't remember if I stole my chocolate -- but I remember the year when each of my iPod songs came out, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, to make my father in my arm during the first episode of the Telescopes and the birthday of Lady Gagary.
Don't you seem amazing?
But most people don't.
And in fact, because their minds are not attached to the concept of society, they're often ignored.
But what drives my heart and strengthen my soul was that even if that was the case, although you didn't consider them within the ordinary thing, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary and autistic and extraordinary.
Now, for those least familiar with the term automation, it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes to physical skills.
In every individual, they manifest differently, from there that Remen is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the disorders of development that are faster in the world, there is no cause or even known.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without him.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new self in my life.
When they spent a few months, I realized that he was different.
It was a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies, and in fact, it didn't look very interested in me at all.
I was living and reinvented in his own world, with his own rules, and he found pleasure on the smallest things, like putting the cars on row around the room, look at the washing washing and eat anything that had between media.
As it grew up, it became more different, and the differences were made more evidence.
But beyond the blocks, frustration and incompatible hypothetical, there was something really unique -- a pure and innocent nature -- a child who saw the world without pressure, a human being had never lied.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family, and I would have wanted them to be just like me.
But I look back at the things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that they're things that wouldn't want to change for normal.
Normal happens to the beauty that makes us differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that any of us are wrong.
It just means there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey one thing to Remen and Sam and you, you might not have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences we have. They're a donor." Each one of us has a gift on their interior, and honestly, the pursuit of normality.
The opportunity for the big, progress and change die at the time we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit what has been to be Alice in the Mars country.
Penn State asked me a communications teacher, who gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
I was scared.  Be really frightened from these students with his big minds -- his big books and their big words and welcomed.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice should have felt when I fell down the hole of the rabbits and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt when I had these conversations with students, I was surprised by the ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones who are attacking our larger challenges, from energy to the environment and the care of health, among others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these big conversations cannot happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please talk to simple.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that your science is sexy and that their engineering is attractive.
First question to say, and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
They don't just tell us that they study traditions, but they study the transistors, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat operations.
And when they're describing their science, care about jargon.
Jewer is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say "space and temporal, but why not say space and time that is much more accessible to us?
To make them accessible is not the same thing to make them dumb together.
Instead, as Einstein said, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without sharing the ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies -- are ways of getting out and excited about their content.
And by presenting their work, forget about the signs of the back."
You have wondered why they're called balls."  What do the balls do? The bullets kill and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not just boring, but it supports too much in the language of our brain and opens us.
Instead, this example of Geneticism Brown is much more effective. It shows that the special structure of traditions is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower of the Earth.
The trick here is to use a simple sentence, legally, that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit, and then provide graphics that apply to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what it is to describe to.
I think these are just some key key things that can help others open the door and see the country of wonders that are science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when you've solved this equation, for all media, I hear you with simple.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words from the entire dictionary of English Oxford is "superior."
It just sounds very well.
And "I mean "sort of "sort of "deliberate meaning "distribution?
And even though there was an addition of the 19th century that he was much better defined when he said, "A school is where you search for a public charge no matter party or platform or principle -- and that, when I win, you get it for the use of a recorded verbal verbing."
I have no idea what it means "reference."
Something about words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know they have to try to dominate language.
It wasn't until for example, 171 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the parliament camera.
And all of this was because of the value of a guy with the unimaginable Nama Cross, who confronted the Park.
They put him on the London Tower and included it, but he had enough courage to face them, and at the end he had such a popular support in London who won.
And only a few years later, we had the first recorded use of the phrase, so I shoot this branch -- it's like metal."
Most people think it's literal to it.
It's not. It's for a freedom of the freedom of expression.
But to really show you how words and politics interact -- I want you to go back to the United States, right after independence from independence.
So they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was debated in Congress for a long time.
They presented all kinds of suggestions that might have frustrated.
Some people wanted to call it the Washington State "Good," and others, "The George George Washington and other "Departments of the University of the United States People."
Not very advantage.
Some just wanted to call it "Remen."
They thought it was treated quality.
And even with it were monitorings, they had the idea that you could be elected King for a certain term.
And it might have service.
Everyone was standing immediately, because this debate was provided for three weeks.
I read the newspaper of a poor sentence, and I always wrote, still with this theme."
What caused the letter and the point was that the House of Representatives was against the Senate.
The House of Representations didn't want Washington to be distributed of power.
They didn't want to call it King because he gave him or his own ideas.
So, they wanted to give the title more modest and more insignificant and more remarkable that they came up with.
And that title was "President."
President. They didn't invent the title -- there was already before, but it only meant someone who predicts a meeting."
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more big than the term "she or "supply savage.
There were the events of small colonial treatments and government failure, but it really was an insignificant.
And that's why the Senate is contemplated.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it President."
"This guy has to sign and meet with foreign digits."
"And who will be serious with a kind of ridiculous and intriguing title as President of the U.S.
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't.
We can learn three interesting things about all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite way to where I've been able to figure out, the Senate has never been the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky enough to continue there, waiting for the Senate between action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary --  -- you can keep waiting for 233 more years.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and this is what I want to leave with you, is that the U.S. President -- not sound so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads to devices, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of non-lethal aerial vehicles and so on.
The reality and history have gone to the title of gravity.
So at the end I won the Senate.
They got their responsibility.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the separation of synthetics, well, was a uniqueness at the time.
But you know how many nations are presented now?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
So, at the end of the Senate won and the House of Representation lost, because no one is going to feel humble when you tell you that now it's the President of America.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and I would like to leave you.
politicians are trying to choose and use words to shape and control reality, but really, more importantly, more the words than what these might change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to meters under land in an illegal mine of Ghana.
The air is loaded with heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of sweat bodies in darkness, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that talk to you, but especially that cat of male dots and stones with primitive tools.
Like the other one, I carry a cheap light of light on the head with this slaughter of endless, and I can barely distinguish the branches that hold the walls of that hole from a meter of a meter of meters on the ground.
And I started my hand, and suddenly I remember a mining that I met days before, that he lost the control and fell up in that poor.
As I talk to you today, these men are in the deep thing to risk their lives without paying and often dying.
I went out of that hole and I went home, but they may never do it, because they're a prisoner of slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in more than 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor to be the only exhibition in the Country of Parishanist Peace.
Among all the amazing people I met there met a fragmentary of "Free the Saturnal -- an NGO who is dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew that existed in the world, but not such a grade.
When we finished talking, I felt very bad. I honestly was embarrassed to ignore this attention from our days and thought, if I don't know, how many people don't you know?
He made a number of the stomach, and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of "Free the Shakespeare and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had been in many of these sites.
A few of them even considered them my second home.
But this time, the dirty boards are swinging.
A conservative calculation says that there are currently over 27 million people slavery in the world.
It's twice the amount of Africans displaced throughout the whole treatment of transatlantic slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of an agricultural slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 current today.
However, today you can speak to entire families for generations for fresh debt developments by 18 dollars.
Amazingly, slavery generates profits of more than 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false promises of good education and better work to then discover that they're forced to work without pay, under the threat of violence and they can't escape.
Today slavery operates in trade, goods produced by slaves have value, but those who produce them are description.
slavery exists in almost everybody and yet, it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the brick boxes.
This strange and formidable show was like entering the ancient Egypt or the hell.
Instant in a temperature of 54 C, men, women, children, in fact, entire families wrapped up in a heavy power of dust, mixing mechanically bricks in their heads, to 18 at once, and bring them from the stars that are translated to trucks that are hundreds of feet.
They were described by the monkey and the Taliban work in silence, doing this task over and over again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There were no partners to eat, and not to drink, and the severe description would be made that they were pretty interesting.
So slavery was the heat and dust that my camera became too hot to the touch and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to revive it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the furnaces I wanted to cry, but the advertising who was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "Lead, don't do it. Don't do it here."
And I was very clearly explained to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me, but for them.
I couldn't offer you any direct help.
I couldn't give them money, nothing.
I wasn't a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation than they already were.
I had to rely on "Free the Shappers and work inside the system for his release, and I thought they would get it.
In terms of me, I wait to get home to feel my shattered heart.
In the Himalayas, I found kids running rocks for miles for mountains to trucks that were waiting down.
Those big plants were more heavy than the children who were carrying them and kids hold them into their heads with career careers made of steps, ropes and doors.
It's hard to present something so organized.
How can we influence something so instinctive, but so undertaken?
Some of them don't even know they're slaves and work 16 or 17 hours a day without paying because this has been like this whole life.
They have nothing to compare to.
When these villages raised their freedom, the slaves.
When we hear the word slavery often we thought about sexual trafficking, and because of this global awareness they warned me that it would be hard for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Kathmandu, I was struck by women who had been previously sexual slaves.
I was driven by some angel stairs, which would give this dirty basement, of a fluorescent light.
It wasn't exactly a surgery.
It was more well a restaurant.
Restaurant, as you know in the office, are local.
They have small rooms, private rooms where the women with their girls and children, some of the only seven years -- are forced to entertain customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each put is dark, hard, identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a biomass and a curtain.
workers often suffer sexual abuse in their clients.
Suddenly, I remember sitting in the sleep, I remember having sense of a Saudi fear of it, and in that moment, I could barely imagine what should be stuck in that hell.
I only had a sales: the stairs, where I walked in.
There were no hind doors.
There were no big enough windows to climb up.
These people are not scared, and because we touch a subject so hard, it's important to point out that slavery even the sexual trafficking, it happens around us.
There are hundreds of people enslaved in agriculture, in restaurant, in domestic service, and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as sex slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
Textiles are another activity that we often relate to slave labor.
I visited Indian villages where there were entire families carved in the silk trade.
This is a family portrait of family.
The black hands of black are from the father, the sheets of blue and red, from their children.
They mix ink in these big bars and dip the silk in the liquid to the elbow, but the treatment is toxic.
My interest told me his stories.
"We don't have freedom, they said.
We still hope, though, can be able to get out of this house someday and go somewhere else where we really pay our job."
It's estimated that there are more than 4,000 slipped children in Lake Valley, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fish family in a boat, two older brothers, some younger children, makes sense of it?
It was wrong. They were all slaves.
Kids are separated from their translated families and disappeared and forced to work extinct in these boats in the lake -- despite not knowing swimming.
This child is eight years old.
When our boat came up with it was shaking, it was subject that his little canoe was amazed.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into water.
The branches of the trees plunged in the Lake Labe often attract networks and children, familiar and fear -- they throw into water to unleash the branches.
Many people are shooting.
Since remember, it's always been forced to work in the lake.
For fear of his love, it's not going to flee and as all life has been treated with creature, brutally treat the younger slaves under their command.
I met these guys at the age of five in the morning, when they went up the last few networks, but they had been working from the one.
At night and slow night.
And it has to point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they are full of fish.
I want to introduce you to Kobe.
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village.
I met it in a shelter in which Switzerland is relaxed by slavery victims.
Kosoa symbolizes the possible.
Who will become because someone decided to make the difference in their life?
By driving a road in Ghana with French partners, a horrible company with his motorcycle suddenly accelerate and supported our car and played the window.
It asked us to follow it on a dirt path to the jungle.
At the end of the road, we were inspired to get out of the car, and asked the driver to go out quickly.
Then I pointed this guy up just visible and said, "This is the way, this is the way. Let's go."
As we started down, we took the legs that blocked the path and after walking around an hour and we found that the path was attached by the recent rain, so I put the photos team on my head as we went down in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the nest path was obviously done in a clear, and we had a hole of holes that could fit in a football field, and they were all filled with slaughter workers.
A lot of women had children strapped on their backs, and as they looked for gold, they walked into the waters with mercianical.
Merchant is used in the process of extraction.
These miners are enslaved on a little bit in part of Ghana.
When they came out of the wells they were pushed in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his tired, incomplete eyes, because many had been under land for 72 hours.
The wells are up to 90 feet and these people charge heavy bags of stone that then will be transported to another area in which they will make the stone to be able to extract the gold.
To the first view, the site seems to be filled with strong and virtual men, but if you look closer, the margin is going to be able to work at a few less fortunate and as well.
They're all victims of injury and disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ended up like this victim of T.B. today and manipulation on a few years.
This is Many. When his father died his uncle he took him to work with him in the mines.
By dying his uncle, Mangeron inherit the debt of the uncle that forces it to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the mines 14 years and the lesion of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident.
In addition to that, Nano has tuberculosis, and yet, it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Yet, he dreams with being released and educated with help of local activists like "Free the Shakespeare, and it's this kind of determination, from face to remote possibility, which inspires me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you all over the world.
I wanted you to know that we will make testimony from them, and we're going to do everything to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it makes it very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not of magazines -- they're from people, real people, like you and like me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in your lives.
There is no day that I don't think of these many beautiful people, heated, that I've had the great honor to know.
I hope that these images wake up a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that the force goes into a fire, and that fire lights light on slavery because, without that light, the statement of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I make math applied and there's a peculiar problem for who it does -- we are like management consultants,
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today, I will try to explain to you what I do.
dance is one of the most human activities.
We dislike the virtues of the ballet and the clay dancers --  that we will see later.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably certain initial assistance that can well have a genetic component.
Sadly, neurologic disorders like Parkinson's evil destroy gradually destroy this extraordinary ability, as it does with my friend Jane Starbucks who, at his time, was a virtual dancer wind.
Over the last few years, a lot of progress has been produced in treatment.
However, there are 1.3 billion people in the world who are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable weakness and temperatures, rigorous and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in a objective way, and ultimately, the only way we know if there's really a cure will be when we have a objective methodology and clear.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other disorders of movement there are no biological markers -- so they don't serve blood analysis, and the best thing we have is a neurological exam of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside the clinical trials, they never do. It's never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult trip to the clinic. What if patients could do the exam themselves.
It would not need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in neurological clinic.
So what I want to offer you as not a conventional way to try and try and see it, in a sense at least -- we're all virtual as my friend Jane Stanford.
This is a video of the vibration of vocal strings.
It shows someone healthy while it sends sounds to talk. We can imagine as a dancer of a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all these vocal organs to produce sound, and we all have the genes needed. The Fortune, for example.
And as the ballet requires an extraordinary training level.
Think about time that leads to a child learning how to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal strings as they vibrate and as the Parkinson's affects the limbs, it also affects the vocal organs.
On the bottom plot you can see an example of impression of vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
Voice and device and rigid.
The speech becomes more quiet and appropriately approved after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How are these tests based on the voice with specialized clinical trials -- well, both of them are not invitant.
The neurological test is not invitation. Both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do that.
Both of them are accurate -- OK, but also the tests based on voice are not specialized.
I mean, they can be audience.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as a lot.
They're minimum cost, and we all know what happens.
When something comes up with a cost that is so low: it appears on a massive scale.
These are some amazing goals to address it.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
It would not make you need to go to the clinic for the routine chicken.
With high-speed monitors we could get objective data.
We could do massive massive recruiting for clinical trials, and for the first time, failing chickens on the general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first bits of disease before it's too late.
So by giving today the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Portugal Institute of the Parkinson's Victor.
Together to Apple and Philipses, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals.
We have local lines accessible for about 750 million people in the world.
anyone, with or without Parkinson's, can call low price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've already reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So May, taking all these samples of, say, 10,000 people, you can say who is healthy and who doesn't?
What will you get from these shows?
Max Little: Yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to indicate if you have or not the disease. TR: Sure.
LM: You see, some people may not be able to pass it, you may not end up.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances -- and doing it in different circumstances is important because we're looking at limit factors in pursuit of the real markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy at this point?
LM: Much more than that.
Actually, my student Thanks, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now has shown that it works on the mobile phone network as well, which makes the project advantage. We now have 99 percent accuracy now.
TR: November and nine. Well, it's a improvement.
MJ: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Little public.
SL: Thank you, Tom.
Before March 2011, I was doing photography retreats in New York City.
We are pale creatures, gray.
We hide in the dark, in fourth without windows and usually we avoid sunlight.
We make the silent models even more delight, the most perfect perfect skin, we do the impossible skin, and we are going to be criticized in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a real taste for images and photography.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happened in Japan.
Shortly after that, an organization where it was voluntary -- there Hans Volcon, was in the place working as part of the answer team.
Now, along with hundreds of other volunteers we knew we couldn't stay sitting at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13, I traveled to Hope.
It's a small village of fishermen located in the Internet professional of almost 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by the wave.
The record water level reached over 24 feet high, and over three miles in land inside.
As you can imagine, the village was devastated.
We take chains from channels and sheets.
We cleaned up schools. We take the slime and leave the houses ready to be recorded and relaxed.
We take tons and tons of dead fish -- step, poster of local factory.
We distributed and loved it.
For weeks, both volunteers as neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and lots of photos and chambers and SDU.
Everybody did the same thing.
You will pick them up and take them to different places of the peoples around to keep them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered in.
As they were out of the wave, and to save their lives, they had to abandon absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started to help in an evaluation center of the people.
I helped clean out the communal bathrooms the enormous, giant giants.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the center of adventure picks the photos.
So there I took them and I had the honor that that day trust me to clean up the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring -- I had heard the expression to think beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I went through my horizons that something happened.
When I looked at the pictures, I found some that were over a hundred years old, some still were at the top of the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking as a record how to fix that frequency and repair the fragmentation and met hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night I entered Facebook contacted some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive, I knew we had to try.
So we started to play the photos.
This was the first one.
I was not too straight, but where the water had declared the face of the girl had a lot of precision and delicious.
Otherwise, that little girl would not have the aspect of her itself, and that would be as tragic as having the spoiled picture.
Over time, they came up with a little bit more photos, and they needed more repeated -- so I entered Facebook and LinkedIn, and five days later 80 people in 12 countries were offered to help.
Within two weeks I had 150 people willing to join me.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Rebello, a neighboring village north of America.
Once we were using our scanner in the terrible therapy biomas that had been installed, where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time they took on giving them is a different story, it depends of course the preference of photos.
It could do an hour. It could be involved weeks.
It could make months.
This little girl had to draw virtually by hand using as the areas whose color and detail was not destroyed.
It took a lot of time.
The water destroyed all these pictures in salt water, covered with bacteria, with algae -- even with oil, all of them along with the step of the time continue to destroy it, so clean them up by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't touch the picture unless it was clean, dry and had been recruited by his owner.
We had luck with the hand.
We count with the guide of a staggering neighbors.
It's very easy to give even more the pictures of a day.
As Window, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures had luck in relation to photos.
He had started cleaning her herself but she stopped when he realized that he was even more.
It also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not have been able to rebuild the images in a single picture and remove the whole picture.
When he picked up his pictures, I shared something from his story with us.
A few colleagues from their husband found the photos in a shark station between the rubble quite far away from where their house, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the experimenter to close the barriers into the wave.
He had to go inside the water while the birds sounded up.
Their little children, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was trapped in the water.
He took a week to find all his family and know that everyone had survived.
The day he handed her photos her younger son 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do it, something that he could go back to look, something that he could remember from the past she had not been made by the day of March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined us there Hans Hans had helped us clean hands over 175,000 photographs -- the great majority of most --  -- the great majority of their owners.
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us return to 90 families hundreds of totally restorative photos and returned.
During this time, we don't really spend more than 1,000 in teams and materials, most of them in ink for printer.
We take pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, somebody dear to.
They're guards of our memories and stories, the last thing that we would take us but the first thing we would look for.
This is about this project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to give someone their connection to the past.
When a picture like this becomes somebody, it makes a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of the retreats.
Some of them connected them with something larger to return something, using their talent for something that is not being thin models of perfect skin.
To end up I would like to read this email -- I sent it City the day I went back from Japan after six months.
As I recorded, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in the images.
One in particular, a picture with women from different ages from the grandmother to the small girl, gathered around a baby, converted to me, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, me and my daughter native, hangs out of our wall.
In the whole world, all of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Doctor England inspired us and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple in an exhibition of only one million of a second.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not a million or a billion or a billion frames per second.
I present a new kind of photography, the phenomenon, a new technique so fast that you can create videos in slow camera of light in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that can see after the records, beyond the vision line, or see the inside of the body without using X-rays, and really challenge the idea of camera.
If I take a laser dot and put it up and turn it into a second bit of a second, in several seconds, to create a picture of a picture of just one millimeter wide.
And that package of photons, that room, travel at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common bullet.
If you take that bullet and this package of photons and we shoot in this bottle, how are those photons spreading inside this bottle.
What is the aspect of light in slow camera?
Now, all of this --   remember that all of this is actually happening in less than a second is what it takes to travel to light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
Coca-Cola, I didn't absorb this research.  They have a lot of things in this film, to highlight this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our ball, comes into the bottle with a package of photons that starts to get it up, and that, inside, starts to melt out.
Part of the light is played, go to the table, and we started to see these planners.
Many of the photos finally come to the ground and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's a bubble of air that bounces inside the inside.
At that time, the waves travel through the table, and because of the reflection of the top part of the bottle, you see it in the bottom of the bottle, after several squares, that the reflective focuses care of.
Now, if we take a common and current bullet and make it go the same distance and see it in slow camera to about 10 billion times, how much do you think it would take us to sit to see that film?
One week? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring film --  -- from a slow ball in motion.
And what about testing with death nature?
You can see the waves that are supported from the table, the tomato and the wall of the background.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature paints a picture, I thought, of a primate at the same time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at one more time, you realize that, as light will stand up from the tomato -- it's still brilliant. It's not dark.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the light bounce on its inner and it goes back after several bioluminescent billions.
In the future, when this female is in your mobile phones, you'll be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at MIT.
As a photographer, you know, if you take a low exposure, you get a lot of light.
But we're going to get a billion times faster than the shortest exposure, so just get some light.
We sent that room, that package of photons, millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very single civilization, we took those gigabytes of data and we put them collectively to create those females that I showed you.
We can take all of that raw data and process it in an interesting way.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
If a new power of a superhero.
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door. Rebellion, go into the room, one part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light booms.
It's not science fiction. We've already built it.
On the left is our female.
Behind the wall there is a manipulate and we will bounce the light on the door.
And after the publication of our article in Nature Communications.
And a small fraction of the photons will return to the camera, but interestingly, slightly different moments.
And as we have a camera that works this fast, our female, it has unique skills.
It has very good temporary resolution, and it can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door, and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what extent it takes to which distance.
By projecting a laser you can record a brutal picture, which, you see on the screen, doesn't really make any sense.
But we're going to take a lot of images like this, and we are going to do it and try to analyze the multiple light booms, and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D.
This is our reconstruction.
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collision with what's going on the curve back there.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by open windows.
Or we could build copyright capable of seeing the interior of the body by pulling the oceans and the same thing for the cartoons.
But of course, because of the tissue and blood this is pretty difficult, so this is actually a question to scientists to start thinking about phantomy as a new model of visualization to solve the problems of imagination in the next generation.
Just like Dr. Egypt, he same a scientist, converted science into art, an art of alternative photographs.
I realized that all the gigabytes of data that we collected every time are not just for scientific visualization, but we can.
Create a new form of computer photography with slow camera and color code.
And let's look at those waves. Remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few bioluminescent billions.
But here is a funny thing.
If we look at the waves under the ground, these are getting away from us.
The waves should move to us.
What happens here?
It turns out that as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects, and Einstein would have loved to see this picture.
The order that events occur in the world sometimes appears to be invested in the camera.
By applying the corresponding definition of space and time, we can correct this distortion of it.
It's time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A mobile phone can change life and gives you individual freedom.
With a mobile phone can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a mobile phone, you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a mobile phone, you can record a song, go back to South Consumption and make famous.
This is all possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a Chicago and I live in the city of Berlin.
Let's go back to that moment, to this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people would protest for a change.
This is the fall of 1989, and imagine if all these people who are provided to protest a change, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
Who in the present have a mobile phone here?
Let's get them.
Raise your mobile phones, get it up.
Get them up. An Android, a Black, wood."
It's a lot. Almost everybody today has a mobile phone.
But today I'm talking about me, my mobile, and how it changed my life.
I'll talk about this.
This is 35 increases of information.
Data in brutal data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U. Commission presented a director.
The Data Detector Development.
This direction says that every European telephone company, every single Internet provider across Europe, has to store a wide range of information from users.
Who calls who who sends an email to who, who sends an email.
Who sends him a text.
And if we use mobile phone, where we are.
All of this information is stored for at least six months, and to two years, in their phone company or their Internet supplier.
And all over Europe people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this feedback of data.
We want the automation in the digital age, and we don't want the phone providers to store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists -- they all said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came out on the streets of Berlin and said, "Liberty, not fear."
And some even said this would be the Stage 2.0, some of them.
The State was the secret police of the East Germany.
And I also wondered whether this works really if it works.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use mobile mobile?
So I asked my phone, Deleton Telescope, who at that time was the largest phone company in Germany, that please send me all the information that they had about me.
I asked them once, and I asked them once, and I didn't get a concrete answer. It was all white, white.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you are practicing my life.
So I decided to start a legal demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Deleton Telescope said no, we won't give you this information.
At the end, we signed an agreement.
I would remove the demand and they sent me the information that I asked.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional Court failed the construction for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly ugly on brown with a CD inside.
And in the CDC there was this.
Three and five thousand pounds of information lines.
At the beginning I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge archive. Okay.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little bit space, what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to come out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what the feedback means.
So, next to Zeath Oliver and Opera Data City, we did this.
This is a six months of my life.
You can zoom in and zoom in, go back and forth.
You can see every step I do.
And you can see how I go from Frank in train to colony, and how often I call in the train.
This is all possible with this information.
That's a little scary.
But it's not just me.
But of all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call them each other.
And then you call the other one, and the other one on the other, and we ended up with this great network of communication.
You can see how your people communicate each other to what time they call each other, what time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what the society is.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to who, who sent a email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and to two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all of these people in the streets of Berlin, in the 1989, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
And the estimate had known who involved in this protest, and if the estimate had known who the leaders were, this would never have happened.
The Berlin Wall might never have happened.
And in conclusion, neither of the Coral Coral.
Because today, state agencies and companies want to store as much information from us as possible inside and outside the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and want to store them forever.
But automation and living in the digital era is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for autonomy.
You have to fight for that.
When they go home to tell your friends that privacy is a 21st century value and it's not going through fashion.
When you go home, tell your representation that only because companies and state agencies can store certain information, they don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information you store from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones that I would serve you to remember that you have to fight for authority in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello, TEDxis TEDTalks, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello, TEDxis TEDTalks, what happens?
I call me Maya Saraha, and I'm not earth, but I know the doctor that brought me to the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, aspiring to the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain paralysis, which is why I shake all the time.
Look at it.
It's a stunt. I'm like a Sharina mixture.
And Muhammad Al.
The P, C is not genetics.
It's not a convenience or it can be controlled.
No one made the third of my mother and not control because my parents were cousins, even though they are.
It just goes through accidents, like the one that happened to me at birth.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration, and I don't want any of the present people.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, they've wanted to be disabled.
Let's go from walk.
Charger from Christmas are in the shopping center, driving in circles in pursuit of parking and what do you see?
16 empty places for disabled.
And they think, "God, I can be at least a little distributed?
Also, I say, I have 99 problems, and the P, C, is just one of them.
Out of a clean operation, I would win the gold medal.
I'm a paper, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from Park Cellupan, in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same beginning.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
Many people with brain paralysis don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the "you can't.
The mantra of my father was, "You can do it, dancing cancer."
If my three older sisters cleaned up, I cleaned up.
If my three older sisters went to public school, my parents were going to the school system and make sure that I was also going out, and if we didn't take all of the maximum notes, we had the shoes of my mother.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five in my feet and just walk.
Another technique that I used was to put a dollar in front of me so that he would pursue it.
The supercomputer that I carry inside was very strong.
Yeah. The first day in the garden of childhood was walking like a bottle of bottle that has received a lot of stores.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabs -- and they continue to be all of the family.  I think nobody realized that we weren't Italian.
This was before 9/11, and that politicians would think of appropriate to use "Hey to Muslims as a campaign.
The people I grew up had no problems with my faith.
However, it seemed to worry about a lot of hunger during the range.
I would tell you that I had enough fat to live three months without eating, so to add out of the dawn of the dream is very easy.
He was bad in Brooklyn.
Yes, in Brooklyn. It's crazy.  My parents couldn't pay the physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with talents, or I can walk with tattoos.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a kid, so if my friends used talents, I too.
And when my friends were going to pass the summer vacation on the coast of Jersey, I didn't go.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we became Mandela.
In the summer vacation of summer, my father tried to sat down, so I drank milk milk -- they put me hot cups on the back, and I remember the water burned my eyes and I thought, "Wow, it works.
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I have to say that it's very boring, but before I do yoga it was a sub-Saharan comedian that I could not stand up with ...
And now I can stand in the head.
My parents raised this idea that I could do anything that no sleep was impossible, and my dream was to be in the General Hospital.
I went to college through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the United States, University of the state of Arizona, because it was in all the bodies.
It was like the pet light of the theater department.
Everyone loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least smart, I took the maximum note in my classes and also in their classes.
Every time I did a scene of the crystal zoo my teachers were crying.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to do a work called the Lady Value in Jackscaps.
It's a piece of a girl with brain paralysis.
I was a girl with brain paralysis.
So I started screaming at four winds, "In order to have a role.
I have brain paralysis."
At the end. At the end of the free."
Thanks to God completely, I am a free."
I didn't get the paper.  They gave him Street Brown.
I went to increase running to the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, to ask why and she told me that because they believed that I could not do the risk scenes.
And I said, "Excuse me, if I can't do the risk scenes, you can't do the character either.
It was a role for which he had literally been born and gave it to an actor without brain paralysis.
University was mimicking my life.
Hollywood has a high history of adding actors without disability for disabled paper.
By the way, I went home, and my first active tour was kind of a stranger on a telephone.
My dream became reality.
And I knew it would be as a compassion to be a beautiful friend of friendly friend in a safety.
Instead, I went there as a vase -- I didn't see me more than the non-sex, and it was obvious for me that reporter directors didn't hire stream actors, not white, disabled.
They just hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up looking at Wolfram Goldberg Rosetta, Roseybeed Barry, Ellas, and all these women had one thing in common: they were commentary.
That's why I made a humor.
In my first tour, I took famous comics from New York to New Jersey, and I will never forget the face of the first comic comics that I had when I fell in the account that I was going to high speed by New Jersey freeway, with a driver that had brain paralysis here.
I worked in clubs across the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censorship and without veil.
Some people say I'm the first monster in the Arab world.
I never like to reclaim the first place, but I know that you never heard that little nasty rumor that says that women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother from another mother and father, Dean Obama, and I launched the New York City Film Festival now in his 10 year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the Americans in the media and to remind you to the report directors, which South Africa and Arabs are not synthetic.
The Arabs were much easier than fighting the challenge of the discrimination of disability.
My big opportunity came in 2010.
I went like invited the news program by cable Contest with Keith Olympic.
I walked into a graduate dance, dragged me into a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said, "Did you give me another chair?
She looked at me and said, "First, four, three, two.
And we were live.
So I was clinging to the desk desk to not go out of the screen in the screen, and when the interview ended up, I was painted.
At the end I had my opportunity and definitely definitely -- I knew they wouldn't invite me.
But not only Mr. Optimism came back to inviting me, but I stayed like complete time and pasted my chair.
Something fun I learned in director with Keith Olympic was that people on the Internet are scanner.
The kids are shorter, but they never get bored from me or a little girl.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became a budget object.
I see online clips with comments like, "Why dimension?
"Is it being delicate?
My favorite, "Poor public terrorism.
What disease does it have?
We should really pray for it."
A comment suggested even that I added my disability to my curve: the puzzles, commentary, paralyzed.
disability is as visual as race.
If someone in your wheelchair can't make Berkeley, then Berkeley can't make someone in the wheelchair.
Discoveries are the one. Yes, clapping.
The disabled minority is the largest minority in the world, and the most sustained in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said I wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, having grown up with media, I don't think it was.
I hope we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would make less hatred on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children.
My training trip has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to walk through the red carpet flowered by the slide of Solars Lucifer and the gentleman Lord Arthur.
I came to act in a film with Adam Sandy and to work with my day, the incredible Dave Mattheas.
I saw the world getting "Strangers back crazy."
I was convicted in representation of the great state of New Jersey at the CODT of 2008.
And I founded the Mayans of Massach: a charity organization to give children refugee a number of what my parents gave me to me.
It was the only time my father saw me live live, and I devote this talk to her memory.
(To peace scanners, dad."
I call myself Mayan Sarah, and if I can, you can.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small town.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
It lives in a small town south of Somalia.
This village is near Modateria.
The drought drives the small village to poverty and the edge of the innocent.
Nothing for him there, goes to the great city, in this case, Moscow, the capital of Somalia.
When you get there, there's no opportunity there, there's no work, no future perspectives.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside Moderant.
And maybe a year later, nothing.
One day he gets about a gentleman who offered him to take him to lunch, after dinner, to deliberate.
He knows a group of people who give him a disconnect.
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home, their family.
They introduce a young lady.
It finally gets home.
It starts a new life.
It has a goal of life.
A beautiful day in Moscowinity, under a blue sky, a car car.
That little boy of that small city with dreams of great care was suicide terrorism, and that dynamic group of people were to the Shanghai, a terrorist organization connected to al Qaeda.
So how does the story of a young village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city ends with him improvisionally?
He was waiting for.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start their future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing that came in.
This was the first thing that took it from what we call "the sperm period.
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the margins, young urban urban people who are describing riots in Julians, disappear riots in London, who look for something beyond the speech perception."
For young people, the product of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity of work, of work, of well-being, but the young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffer from the highest rates of unemployment.
By 2030, three of five people living in cities will be under 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't provide opportunities -- the story of the waiting percentage, the door of access to terrorism, to violence, to the stores, to be the history of cities.
And in my birth of birth, Mosovo, 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent don't work, it doesn't go to school.
They don't practically do anything.
I went back to Modator last month, and I went to visit the Madida hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being in front of that hospital attached to balls thinking, and if I would never have gone?
What if I'd seen me forced to be in that same period of spectrum?
Would I have become a terrorist?
I'm not really sure of the answer.
The reason I was in Modator that month was actually to get a young youth of youth to a corporate culture.
I assembled about 90 solar youth leaders.
We sat down, and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Accomplish.
He went to Moscowing University, graduated her.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he told me that, because it was a graduate college, unemployed, frustrated, it was the perfect white for Al Shanghai and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited for.
They looked for people like him.
But this story takes a different path.
In Moscowing, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B is the streets.
Twenty years of civil war have completely destroyed the system system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to move.
They saw an opportunity and applied it.
It started a motorcycle company.
He started beating motorcycles to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of portraits over the next three years.
Why is this story different?
What does this different story do?
I think its ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I think business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the perspective percent."
Factory the young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that are looking for so desperate.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mohamed Mohama, a flower.
I was helping to train some of the young people in the summit of corporate initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of the business initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Moscow has seen in over 22 years, and until Mohama came up, until Muhammad came up, if you wanted flowers for your wedding.
If you asked somebody, "When was the last time you saw free flowers seen?
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be, Never.
So, Mohamed saw an opportunity.
He started a farmer company and a floral design.
I created a farm on the outside of MoMA, and he started to grow tolerances and liberations, which he said, could survive the hard climate of MoMA.
And it started the delivery of flowers for weapons, creating gardens in the homes, and the city companies, and now it's working on the creation of the first public park in Moderant 22 years.
There are no public parks in Moscowing.
He wants to create a space where families, young people, can go together, and as he says, smell the proverbial robots.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So, the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, MoMA presence had a really profound impact in young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for an NGO working for the government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encouraged them to believe that they might be entrepreneurs, that might be the art of change.
By the end of the day, they already had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They identified business solutions for local problems.
So, inspire the young people and create a culture of business spirit is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas reality.
They need experience and orientation to guide them in development and put it in their business.
They connect young people with the resources they need, freedom the support that they need to move from consciousness to creation, and create catalogists for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's to create a social impact.
Mohamed is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
The Peace Park, this is how he calls it, when it's created, to transform the way people see their city.
He hired children on the street to help rent and keep the motorcycle for him.
He gave them the opportunity to escape from the paradigm of the speaker.
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is, they turn young people into entrepreneurs, including and feed their inherent innovation, and have more stories about flowers and Parkins of Peace than buttons and party perfect.
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went camping with my dad in the Motorolla mountains, an open area north of New York.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest.
The sun made the sheets glow like a vertical, and not to be the way that we had, almost we could pretend that we were the first human beings to put that land.
We get to our camp.
It was a copy in a rich glass to a beautiful Christian lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the conference there was a baby, about four feet square with prescription hearts with polymer paper balls and alignment pieces.
And I was annoying, I was very angry, incredibly confused.
The camps that were too lazy to pull out what they had brought, who thought he was going to clean their garbage?
That question went on with me, and it simplied a little bit.
Who clean our garbage?
No matter how to organize or where they put our own, who clean our trash in Stanford?
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris or in London.
Here in New York, the Department of Health clean up our trash -- in fact, of 11,000 tons of waste and 20,000 tons of recycled products every day.
I wanted to know you as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What do you feel to use the uniform and take that charge?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled on the trucks and walked through their trajectories and interviewed people in office and facilities across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an interview.
I needed to get more.
So I started working as a trash record.
Now I didn't just travel in the trucks. I drove them.
And I operated the mechanical benches and the snow barriers.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everybody asks about smell.
It's there, but it's not as predominantly as you think, and in the days that it's very strong you are used quickly.
It costs a lot to be used to the weight.
I met people who had worked on that for several years and their bodies kept running into the weight of taking their baby tons of garbage every week.
There's also the danger.
According to the Office of Labor statistics, record collection is one of the 10 most dangerous occupations in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and getting into the traffic all day and pass around you.
They just want to happen, so the driver is not paying attention.
That's really bad for the worker.
And also the garbage itself is full of dangers that often fall out of the truck, and they cause terrible damage.
I also learned about the interruption of garbage.
When you get out of the cut and you see a city from the back of the truck, you can understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
It never stops coming.
It's also like a form of breathing or circulation.
It always has to be in motion.
And there's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I think waste crisis are the most important workforce on the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first public health players.
If you don't get rid of the waste in efficient and effective way every day, this starts to break out of their contrast and their inherent dangers threaten us in very real ways.
diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries go back and start to give us.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old, we don't have space for the new of what the engines of the economy start to fail when it's in danger the consumption.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, just to point out its relationship.
And then there is what I call our average speed device necessary.
So I just mean the speed that we used to move around in the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry about, we don't repair or we clean or take our cup of coffee, our battle battle, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them up, we forget about them, because we know there's a work force on the other side that will get rid of it.
So today I want to suggest a couple ways of thinking about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and include them in that conversation about how to design sustainable and human city.
Her job, I think, is almost little military.
They're on the street every day, recorded.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when to wait.
And their work allows us to do ours.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that maintain us leaves us from ourselves, from our own waste, our deserts, and that flow must always stay in one form or another.
One day after September 11th, 2001, I heard the group of a waste collection truck on the street, grabbed my little son and went down the stairs running around, and there was a man doing his paper recycling journey as it did all the miracles.
And I tried to thank it to do his work that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just attacked, and he said, "We're going to be fine.
Let's be fine."
Shortly after that I began to investigate the resident of waste and I went back to see that man.
It's called Paulin, we worked together many times, and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be fine.
But in our efforts to rethink the way we exist on this planet as a species we have to include and have all the costs, even the very real human cost of the labor hand.
municipal waste, what we think about when we talk about trash -- represent three percent of the amount of waste in the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of your days and your lives, the next one you see someone whose job is to clean the trash of you, a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to say thank you.
My work is focused on the connection of thinking about our community life making part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from the conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects as an example of this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the final architecture work.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of several stories in the capital of Ethiopia, Addis Obama.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, my team and I, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go out running."
After looking at some of these buildings there are many of these buildings in the city, we realized that there are three important aspects to replicate.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because the crystals with crystals generates heat on the interior, so it takes a lot of cooling in it.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees all over the year.
And thirdly, it has nothing to do with Africa and Ethiopia.
It's a sense of being so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, I was really careful with the ancient market which is this structure to the free air where thousands of people, they go and buy things every day to small survivors.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, of various stories, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by inspiring the site, which is located in a very large area of the city, where a lot of the buildings we now see in the image, no exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that are not communicating in an extension of hundreds of feet.
So the first thing we did was we create a connection between these two streets, including all the inputs of the building.
And this extends with an unfinished atrium, which creates a free air space in the building that is supported, by its own shape, the sun and the rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes on every floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responded to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a tissue like an ant layer with performances to allow the air input and also of light, but in a sharp way.
Then we inspired ourselves in these beautiful bottles of the Earth searches.
They have fractal geometry, and this helped me model the facade of it.
We're building that with these little proposal pieces that are the windows that let air and light in a controlled way inside of the building.
This is combined with these little crystals of colors that use the light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night.
And with these ideas it wasn't easy to convince developers because they thought, "That's not a commercial center. It wasn't what we asked.
But we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the mall of the commercial center, because at the end of it there was more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic -- not just because of the material compared to glass, but also because it didn't have to have air conditioning.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy autonomy for the building in a city where electricity cut almost every day.
So we got a big advantage putting photos on the roof.
And then under those panels we think about the ceiling as a new public space with meeting areas and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these buttons on the roof, that they collect water for the sanitation of the inside.
It's expected for the beginning of the next year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a teacher of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to make a project so big, the biggest I've designed -- I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also their environment, the tradition and the culture.
During that analysis I had special attention in the middle, a 1,000 year-old structure that was surrounded by a wall with a dozen dollars of access connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation that we did was extend the existing streets -- creating 12 similar online blocks in size and features that are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe and other cities in Europe.
In addition to that, we selected some strategic points in relation to the idea of the doors that are interconnected with straight lines, and this modified the initial model.
And the last operation was to think about the cell, the little cell of the project, like the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the medicine climate?
And it's northern, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we set up a scheme that shows that most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with pathogens, and then on the low plant, we have all the connections for pedestrians for pedestrians on it.
And it also responds to local norms that establish greater density on higher levels and a smaller density on the lower plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like reproducing the community the space occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors, you can go up and social, and do such as running a two miles a morning, or jump from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing up.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives changes communities and local economies at the same rate that buildings.
For this reason, I see even more important to look for architecture for simple solutions, but affordable solutions, that improve the relationship between community and environment and they have as objective to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight, a new girl entered our class. It was so remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
He had great amounts of hair that was very bright and a little bit of pencils -- which was super strong for the state capitals -- very good for collapse.
I ended up that year, and I was filled with heavens, until I took my sinister plan.
And one day I got a time after the school. It was a little afternoon, and I hid in the bathroom of girls.
When the coast was displayed, I went into the classroom, I took the table of my teacher the rating book.
And then I did.
Alternate the ratings of my rivals, just a little bit, just some of them.
All of that.  And I got to go back to the book to the box, but I would see, some of my other partners had very good notes as well.
So in a front, he ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all of them and myself a row of it, just to be there, because I could.
I still surprise what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came up.
I don't understand why I felt good doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It's all dramatically obvious.
They never found me.
But most of all, I discovered the reason why I was bothered that this little girl, so small, was so good for copyright.
I get into the details.
They're so mysterious and so penis.
We know that babies suffer from cells.
Also, primates. Lugher birds are very probably.
We know that cells are the number one cause of cartoonists in the U.S.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyze loneliness or long duration or sadness.
So you have to go to the fiction, because the novels are like the lab in which the cells are in all their possible shapes.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there were no hair, there would be no literature.
Well, there would be no Hello the pain, no "Disorder."
There would be no celestial king or "The thousand and a night.
There would be no Shakespeare.
They would disappear the reading lists of high school, because we were losing "The Robert and the Furnetment, there would be no "Alicestial and Death Store: We lost "March Bonnett: We lost "March K."
No hair, no Project. I know that Proton has the answers for everything, and, in terms of the jealousy, almost all of them.
This year is 100 years of his master work, "In search of the lost time, the most exhibition study of sexual cells, and also the ordinary competition, my own, everything we could have.  And thinking about Project, we have the sensory detail, right?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a human magic in a washing one.
We forget about how hard that image.
We forget about how it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia Wooll said they were as hard as a cat trippy.
I don't know how the cat tripple is, but we assume it's superficially.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the hairs and the heads and Project.
Is it going to be very obvious as the heads, which are reduced to the person, to their desire, to their pressures, are a good narrative national?
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel health.
When we feel heat, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel wrong.
Being narratives and audience, we know exactly what details will include to make the knife -- right?
The cells make us all amateur novels, and that's something that Proton understood is.
Everything she does to give me pleasure could give pleasure to another, maybe right now."
And he starts telling himself that story, and since then, Project says that every fresh love that Santa detects in his lover, he adds it to his collection of the instruments of torture in his private camera.
You have to admit that Santa and Project, were notoriously chocolate.
You know, the Project boyfriend would have to abandon the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so happy to recognize it's a tough job. Right?
The cells are abandoned.
It's an emotion. You have to feed it.
And what are the heads?
The cells are nurtured from information.
The cells use the details.
The cells like the great quantities of bright hair, and the cute and little slide standard.
The cells are nutritious from photos.
This is why Instagram is so successful.  He provided the language right the language with the heads.
When Swiss is in his head of heads, he suddenly hears behind the doors and the bribe to the services of his lover -- then he wants those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know you think this is reputation, but it's not different from the interpretation of an old text or look at a monument.
He says, "You're scientific research with real intellectual value.
Proust is trying to show that the hairs are integral and they make us seem absolutely, but in their measurement, they're search for knowledge, search for truth, a real painful -- in fact, to what Project concern -- the more painful the truth, the more painful the truth.
The pain, the humiliation, the loss, these were the pathways to the wisdom of Project.
He says, "A woman to whom we need, that makes us suffer in a range of much more profound and vital feelings than a wise man can be interested.
Is it telling us that we're going to look for crude women.
No. I think it's trying to say that the hairs reveal ourselves.
And is there any other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion revealed our aggression, our horrible ambition and our rights.
Any other excitement that teaches us how to look at so much intensive?
I grew up writing about this later.
And one day, Freud was visited by a very uncomfortable young man who consumed with the idea that his woman was found it.
And Freud says there was something weird in that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
Because she was innocent. Everyone knew it.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he was looking for things that he did his wife, without realizing it, involuntary behaviors.
Do you smile too much, or is it accidentally routed with a man?
Freud says that man was becoming the cost of the unconscious of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
The novels describe very well how the cells make us look with intensity but without precision.
In fact, the more intensely cells we are, the more we become residents of the fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the hairs lead us to make violent or illegal act.
The cells motivate us in completely unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking about me about eight years old, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story I heard in the news.
A woman from Michigan 25 years old was captured by having created a fake account on Facebook from which he was sent by video messages for a year.
For a year. Every year.
She was trying to include the new girlfriend of his boyfriend, I have to confess that when or this, react to admiration with admiration ...
Because, let's be realistic.
How large, although unfortunately, creativity. Right?
It's like a novel.
Like a Nicholas Higgs novel.
Highange is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the author of "Extremes in a train and "The Talk Mr. Ribera: books that are treating how the heads confirm, they confuse our minds, and once we're on the sphere, in the realm of the cells, the membrane that separates what it might be, it can be perceived in a second.
Let's take Tom Riberation, his most famous character.
Tom Ribera is going to be able to want or want what you have to get out of your own self and to get excited about what you ever had, and it's under the floor. He responds to your name, he's wearing your rings, empty your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take Tom Rilley.
I can't give you all over the world, as much as sometimes I want.
It's a pity, because we live in times of envy.
We live in terms of jealousy.
I mean, we are good citizens of social networks, where is it the incentive is the incentive? Right?
Are the novel showing us? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not sure, when they're in front of a mystery.
Let's go to 241 Street Street and ask for Sherolla Hollands.
When people think about Hollywood, you think of the curse.
But I've always preferred the Lesterland Research, the head of Scott Harvard rat that needs Thomas desperately -- needs Hollywood genius, but he bothers him.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
Lester needs his help, but the residents, and bubble with bitter in each of the mysteries every single mystery.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in "The Sirgic Singer Airborne," once Hollywood comes in, I would slave all of them with his solution, Lesterland comes back to Hollywood and says, "We're not jealous -- Mr. Hollywood.
We're proud of you."
And he says there is no person in Scott Harvard who didn't want to hurt your hand.
It's one of the few times that we see Hollywood translated in history. I look very emotional. That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the hairs as a geometry problem, without emotion.
You know, in a minute Hollywood is from the opposite side.
The next minute is the same side.
Suddenly Lesterland is allowed to admire that idea of being he restricted.
Could it still be so simple?
What if the cells are really an issue of geometry, just a question where we allow us to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to get back from the other excellence of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like the continent plans.
So as we wait for that happen, we remember that we have the fiction fiction for us.
Just the fiction describes the details.
The fiction alone is the domestics, you invite them to the table.
And look at what I aggregate, the Lesterland desert, the terrifying Tom Rilley, the crazy Stone Richard, the same Mars Project.
We are in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped outside of Apollo 11 and discovered about the Mars of Color.
Armstrong and Alexander were alone, but their presence in the grave surface gray was the culmination of a collective collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest mobility in the U.S. history.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave work to about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including the Apollo one.
But before the Apollo Project finally, 24 men traveled to the moon.
Doctor walked on their surface, which Alexander after Armstrong death last year, is now the oldest one.
So, why were they?
They didn't bring a lot of contract: 38 pounds of old rocks, and something that 24 feeding later, a new sense of the small and the fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to show the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at Rice University at 1962 give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy: Some ask, why Moon?
Why to turn it into our goals?
And you could also ask, why scale the highest mountain scale?
35 years ago, why fly on the Atlantic.
Why is Rice versus Texas?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Ponder: For the contents, the Apollo wasn't just a victory of the West on the Cold War.
In the time, the strongest emotion was the start for the tragedy of the power of technology.
They were because it was a great thing to do it.
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological tribes.
The first half of the 20th century produced the line of system and plane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the cops are eradicated and eliminated smallpox.
Technology seemed to have what Alvin Toweraver in 1970 called "climate "stress."
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse or a sailing ship -- but in 1969, the Apollo 1960 crew 40 miles a hour.
Since 1970, no human being has come back to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than Apollo 10, and the optimistic joy about the power of technology has evaporated when you see that problems that we imagine that technology would solve like going to Mars, create a clean energy, cure cancer, or feeding global population seems to be an intractable outcome.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that he didn't look at the salmon escape of the Saturn River.
I knew that this would be the last linear mission, but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies on Mars.
So that of something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard it during the last two days here, at TED.
It seems as if the technologies had been destroyed and enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhone, apps and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated selling sale and alternative sales accelerate.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They've expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There is a surgical explanation in Silicon Valley, who confessed that they have created less ambitious companies than the years in which Intel finally, Microsoft, Apple and Geneva.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the publicly, in concrete, the incentives that venture capitalists offer the entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that risk investment caused the creation of transformative ideas by financial problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when venture capitalists were at their heart point without worrying about risk, they prefer small investment, mechanical investment that they could go out in 10 years.
The C. always had trouble investing with benefits in technologies as energy, which need a huge capital and whose development is in the long term. They haven't invested in developing technologies that are destined to solve big problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons why we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes, we chose to not solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular and that will never happen.
We're not going to go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption process of renewable energy sources like solar and wind and biologist, less than two percent, and the reason is completely cheap.
Carbon and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind energy, and oil is cheaper than the biologist.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price. They don't exist.
Now, the technologists, the entrepreneurs and the economists agree about what policies and international treated the development of an alternative energy development, mostly -- a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the coal price.
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we will see an energy policy in America or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes the big problems that seem technological -- they won't be.
We know from the time that famine is the result of failure in the food report.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famine is political crisis that affect the distribution of food.
Technology can improve things like harvest or systems for storage and food reform, but there will be famine while there were bad government.
Finally, the big problems sometimes have a solution because we don't understand the problem.
President Nixon declared the war in 1972, but soon we found that there are lots of cancer types of cancer, some terribly resistant to treatment, and only in the last 10 years, they seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we couldn't solve the problems with technology.
We can and must, but these four elements have to be insight, the political leaders and the population should want to solve the problem, the institutions must support the solution, it has to be really treated from a technological problem.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the capacity of technology to solve big problems, and it comes with those criteria.
But it's an interrupting model in the future.
We're not in 1981.
There is no savings competition like in the Cold War, there is no policy like John Kennedy who has had the hard and the dangerous thing, and there's no popular mythology of science fiction to explore the solar system.
In general, go to the moon turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We are alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't have the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start by giving you the widespread ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they have become choices of our society.
I think it's three.
The first is a record," there's been a great decline of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second is a goal, we should have more trust.
And the third is a task: we should recover trust.
I think the record, the goal and the task has been interpreted.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a record, a goal and a task, which I think gives a more clear idea about the subject.
First of all, why do people think that trust has disappeared?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I urge myself to think that it may have declined in some activities or institutions and that could have increased others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can go back to opinion polls and opinion polls are supposedly the source of belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the polls of opinion over time, there are no many evidence of it.
I mean, the people who are discovered 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same desert.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago are still quite confidence: Justice, nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen on the street is almost exactly halfway in the road.
But is this enough?
What opinion polls are reconstructing are, of course, opinions.
What else can you record?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask them certain questions.
Do you trust the policies? Do I trust the teachers?
Now, if someone asked you, "Do you trust the green?
Do you trust the fishermen?
You trust the primary teachers?
You probably would start to ask, "To do what?
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you could say, when you've answered your question, "Well, I trust some of them, but in other not."
It's very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to choose trust differently.
We don't assume that the level of trust we're going to feel for a certain type of officer or functional or a person, is going to be uniform in every case.
I could, for example, to say that I trust a certain primary teacher that I know to give you the kind of reading of reading, but no way to drive the school microbes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my most crazy friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to make a secret.
Simple.
And if we've gotten those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is different, why do we stop all that knowledge when we think about trust in a more abstract way?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to forget good judgment in the fact of trusting something or in somebody.
Secondly, what about goals?
The goal is to have more confidence.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I would persist.
I would try to have more trust in what is desire to trust, but not what it is.
In particular, I'm a privilege of not trusting what is not reliable.
And I believe that those people who published their savings with the very closely named Mr. Madagascar, who then disappeared with them, I think about them, and I think, well, yes, were too confused.
Having more trust is not an intelligent target in this life.
It trust deposited or denied with intelligence, that's the right target.
Once you say that, it says, yes, okay, that means that what matters in first of all, is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What is about doing a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think to be able to do a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competent? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if we find that a person is competitive in the permanent materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, in contrast, they are not responsible. We couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competitive and honest, but I don't trust them to bring a letter to the mail because they're forget.
I have friends who are very sure you can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm happy to say that I don't have a lot of friends who are competitive and responsible but extremely delicate.
If it's like that, I haven't been pretended.
But that's what we're looking for, trustworthiness.
Trust is the answer.
trustworthiness.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last decades, we've tried to build accountability systems for all sorts of institutions, professionals, officials and so on, that we were making us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a party and said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to do the administrative paper than you can assign the part of it."
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, and institutional -- that the accountability system that is destined to guarantee trustworthiness. And the evidence evidence is actually doing the opposite.
What they do is to tell the work of the people who have to do hard tasks, like the parties, to get out that "Mark the carbon shooter as we say.
I sure you all know similar examples.
All that, for the target.
I think the goal should be more trustworthiness. And things would be different if we try to be worthy of trust and convey to people who are reliable and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or politicians are worthy of trust.
It's not easy. It's the trial, the simple actions, the attitudes -- what it doesn't do properly.
Third, the task.
I will call the task to rebuild trust, puts things backwards.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct the trustworthiness.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust -- in definition, is distinctive because we have other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough bases so they can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't go down, usually all the people, all the time.
But you also have to give you some financial evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do that?
That makes a daily day, all over the place, the common people, the officials -- the institutions, very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my socks says I can give them out without giving explanation.
I take them up and get my money back, or change them for the color that I want.
That's great. I trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a great lesson on that.
If you get vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust and you have confidence in what you're saying.
So, at the end, I think what we're doing is not a very difficult thing to tell.
What people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
Since the beginning of computers we have come to force us to reduce the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen in which imagination can be described.
This separation has gone down, increasingly and more and more, to such a point that today is less than one millimeter, the spectrum of the glass of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I ask myself, and if you wouldn't have bars?
I started imagining what it would be.
And first created this tool that goes into digital space, so that when the strong operation against the screen is transforming its physical body to permission.
Designers can kill their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So with this tool they break off the barriers.
But the two hands remain still above the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of hands?
In the division of Science applied from Microsoft, along with my mentor Catholic Buddha, I redesigned the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
Combine a transportation transplant with chambers of depth to detect the fingers and the face, now you can raise your hands of the keyboard, you get into the inside of the 3D space, and grab the pixels directly with your hands.
Like windows and archives have a location in real space, select them is as easy as taking a book of a standard.
You can run the book and give you lines or words with the virtual touch sensor that is below every floating screen.
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with hands.
In these examples, we get into the digital world.
And if we invest the papers and make digital information come to us?
Secondly, many of us will have bought and deliver things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about it.
What I have here is a virtual test on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device in the head or transmitted when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel it?
What would a future like this?
In the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Island, and my collaborator Retain Post, we created this only physical piece of physics.
This spherical magnet is behaving as a 3D pixels in space, which means that both the computer as users can move the object anywhere within this little three-dimensional space.
Simplicity, what we did was we assemble gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical and detectors and detectors.
And when we program digitally the object, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means human movements can record and go back and play and stay forever in the physical world.
You can teach and computers physically and distant and famous to Michael Jordan can be replicated as a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like planets movement, physics, and, unlike monitors or textbooks -- this is a real and palpable experience that you can play and feel. It's very powerful.
But what's most fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information is not just showing us something but to start acting directly about us as part of the physical world around us without that we have to describe ourselves from our world.
We started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that remains our imagination.
Thank you.
They trained me to become a video for two years in Hunger, China, in the 1970s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer to a school for athletes with all the pay.
But my tiger mother said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become an engineer, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they firmly believed that there was only a path to happiness -- safe and well recorded work.
No matter whether the job would like me or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer cancer.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer has to start training from very young to learn the activists, so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school.
I even wrote the director of school and a radio program.
But no adults gave him the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were kids, without authority, like me.
So at the age of 15 years, I knew it was too much bigger to train.
My dream would never be done.
It feared that during the rest of my life a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I solved to find another vocation.
No one around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
I resort to books.
(Audience Stores Cameron Chair -- "Make "Story Children's History Companies in 1995, and what were the first books here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
The Good Earth is the Chinese camera life.
And it's not a convenience. I understand.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's a subject for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a reveal, honor your father and your mother."
"Honor, I said, "It's so different, and much better than obeying."
So it became my tool to get out of this complex guilt of guilt and to reinvent the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also gave rise to my comparative reading habit.
It was a lot of perspectives.
For example, at the beginning, this map looked out to me because this is what students in China learn.
I had never occurred to me that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
comparative reading is not a new thing.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are up to research fields like comparative religion and comparative literature.
To compare and contrast, it offers the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought that if comparative reading worked to research, why not do it in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
You can treat people from Wall Franklin from Walter Michelanda from David McLanding who were involved in a same way, or friends with shared experiences.
For the crisis, the tensions are economic, politics and spiritual ones.
For the Buddha they're all psychologists, lung, fear and social duty -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read their favorite books in two languages.
The Charles Tower Tony Tomato Tomato Road Rat One Road On President I found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized that "Philadelphian in Chinese literally means "life fairly quickly."
And "Nigeria in Chinese, literally means "New mother, Oh.
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know it's not going to feel just or impossible ever.
To have a sudden dream really is nothing compared to what many others have suffered from.
I've come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams come from, where the passion comes from.
Until a desperate dream can do that for you.
And it's because of books, that today I'm here, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So the books always get them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first client of psychotherapy.
I was a medical student in clinical psychology.
She was a 26-year-old woman named Alexa.
Alex walked into the first session using vacations and a frozen top -- he threw on the couch of my office and grabbed the shoes and told me that I wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so healthy.
My classmates had a penis as a first client.
And I played a shame that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the stories that Alex brought the sessions, it became easy to just move the head while we went back the solution.
"The Trail is the new versions: Alexander said, and so I saw, she was right.
You start working afterwards, you get home later, you have kids later, even the death goes on.
So for us to go like Alex and I had time on it.
But shortly after, my superpower pressure me to press Alex to talk about his love life.
I was resisted.
I said, "Oh, of course, it's coming up with guys under your category -- it deals with a hollow head, but it's not like it was to marry him."
And then my supervise said, "I still don't, but maybe it's married with the next one.
Also, the best time to work in the Alice marriage is before it gets married.
This is what psychologists call a moment "Ah."
It was when I realized that the '60s are not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what they were used to, but this didn't make 20 percent of Alex to be a pause in their development.
This made 20 of Alex to be the perfect moment and we were wasting it.
So I realized that this kind of benign negative was a real problem, and I had real consequences -- not only for Alex and his love life, but for the careers, the families and the future of versions everywhere.
There are 50 million vegetables in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider that nobody gets to adulthood.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20.
I want to see the versions here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you work with sea seas, you love a vegetable, you remove the dream a love, I want to see. It's fine. Amazing.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35 years.
This means that eight in every 10 decisions and experiences and moments "Hey, who give their life to have happened to when they have 30 and so on.
People from over 40, they don't train panic.
This audience is going to be right, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a race have an exponential impact about how much money they win.
We know that more than half Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future for 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up their second and last stage of growth in their 20s and it represents for adults, which means that if there's something that you want to change from yourself, now it's time to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20 percent than any other time in life, and we know that female fertility comes to their top at 28, and things become complicated at the age of 30.
The 20 are the time to educate about their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment in which your daily and common life has an impact in the person who will become the person.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development and our 20s are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the versions are listening.
The newspapers talk about changes on the time of the adult time.
The researchers call the 20 an extended adolescence.
The journalists have named nature names like "storytelling and "Children's "Dietries."
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a trivia that's actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Bernamer said that to achieve great things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think happens when you give you the stands to a show in your head and say, "Do you have another 10 years to start your life?
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency, and his ambition and it doesn't happen absolutely nothing.
And then every day, you see smart, interesting like you or your kids and daughters come to my office and they say, "I know my girlfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count, I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "You all say that as you start a race before the 30, it's all right."
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My 20s are for finishing and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better curriculum.
And then it starts to sound something like this: "My quotes during the 20 were like the game of chairs.
They all run and fun, but then at some point about 30, it turned out the music and everybody began to sit down.
I didn't want to be the only one who would sit down, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the closest chair when I was 30.
Where are you going to stay here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little extreme. But they don't get wrong, risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the '60s, there's a huge pressure to the train and so many of you start a career, pick a city, pick a mate, and have two or three children in a much shortest period of time.
Many of these things are not complex, and there are research that start to show that it's much more difficult and stressful to do all of once at the age of 30.
The middle-class crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
I realize you can't have the child who you want now, or you can't give you a brother to your son.
Many trains and charges look at themselves, and I sat in the room, and they talk about their 20, "What was I doing? What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the versions are doing and thinking.
Here is a story of how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma.
At 25, Emma came to my office because I was in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he would like to work in art or in entertainment, but you couldn't even decide, so I spent the last few years working as a message.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a girlfriend that was showing more temperature than ambition.
And despite living about 20 very difficult, their previous life had been even more difficult.
He cried often in our sessions -- but then she would take himself by saying, "You don't choose his family, but you can choose his friends."
Well, one day Emma came up put his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I had just bought a new spread of director, and he had spent all morning filled with his many contacts -- but then he was looking at the empty space that follows after the words in case of emergency -- please call me ...
I was at the point of the story when he saw me and said, "Who will be for me if I have a car accident.
Who will take care of me if it gives me cancer?
At that time, I got a lot of work to resist and not say, "Aye."
What Emma needed was not a telescope that really was worried.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit as to just sit as the equivalent of Emma was going on.
So, over the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all variations or men or female, deserves to know.
First of all, I told Emma that would forget about that identity crisis and it gets identity capital.
For identity capital, I mean doing something that adds value to your person.
Doing something that is an investment in what they want to be.
I didn't know the future of Emma career, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: identity capital generates identity capital.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, of that intervention, of that company that you want to test with.
I'm not destinial exploration, I'm delivering the exploration that I shouldn't tell you, by the way, it's not exploration.
It's progression.
I said to Emma who would explore jobs and make them tell them.
Secondly, I told Emma that urban tribes are supported.
The best friends are great to bring them to the airport, but the people who meet with friends with similar minds are limited by who you know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital -- that new person who will come out of it almost always comes from their closest circle.
New things come from what they call weak friends of friends from their friends.
Yes, half the neighbors have a bad job or they don't have a job.
But the other half no, and the weak links are the way to color this group.
Half of the working jobs were never published, then meeting the boss of your neighbor is the way you get a job not published.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information goes on.
Finally, but not least, Emma thinks you don't choose your family, but I know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a vegetable, Emma soon choosing his family, when I have a partner and form his own family.
I told Emma that time to choose his family had arrived.
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to feel like 20 or even 25, and I agree with you.
But to choose the person you live with now or stand up now when all of Facebook start walking towards the altar. It's not progress.
The best moment to work in your marriage is before you have it, and that involves being so intentional in love as you're at work.
You can choose your family must be a conscious choice of who and what they want instead of just doing it work or kill time with who you can pick them up to you.
So, what about Emma?"
Well, we took that principal, and she found the roommate of a cousin that worked in an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That work of work gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend, which I live.
Now, five years later, it's a special organization of events in museums.
This married man with a man who connected constantly.
He love his new career, love his new family, and I send a letter that said, "Now the emergency contact spaces are not big enough.
The story of Emma can sound easy, but that's what I love to work with very straighten.
It's very easy to help you.
The versions are like planes that come out of the airport of Los Angeles, who come out somewhere from the West.
Just before the play, a slight advanced in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fish.
In the same way, at 21 or 25 or even the 29, a good conversation, a good descendancy, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next years or even in the next generations.
Here's my idea of spreading all the vegetables you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alexander.
This is what I have the privilege now to tell you how to look like Emma every day: The trains are not the new 20, they recruit their adult, they get identity capital, use their weak links, choose your family.
Don't let you define what they didn't know or what they didn't know.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very foreign job in a general consulting for a job that was even more excited," the doctor.
I went to teach them mathematics to sex students in New York City public schools.
And like any teacher, I applied exams.
And I gave you tasks.
When the work came back, I calculated grades.
What struck me was the Christian was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of the ones who had a better performance didn't have Christian CIPR.
Some of my smartest children were not going so well.
And that got me thinking.
The kind of thing that you need to learn in math in seventh degree is hard, properties, propositions, the area of a paralyze area.
But these concepts are not impossible and so convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years later, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motor perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure in a better way.
It's the CS: but what if you succeed in school and in life depends on much more than the ability to learn in fast and easy way?
So I left the classroom and I went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying kids and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios, and in every study my question was, who is successful here and why?
My research team and I went to the Milipoon West Post.
We tried to predict what choices would stay in the military training and who would be retreatents.
We went to the National Content of Deleton and we tried to predict what kids they were going to do as far as possible in competition.
We study novel teachers working on really difficult neighborhoods, asking what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and those who will be the most effective in improving the outcome of their students from their students.
We partnered with private companies, asking us what of these marketers are going to keep their jobs police?
And who's going to earn more money?
In all of those very different contexts, a trait as a major prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good approach, the physical health and it wasn't the C.
It was determination.
Determination is passion and perseverance.
Determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to cling to their future, day after day, not only a week, not only for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon -- not a career at all.
A few years ago, I started studying determination in the public schools in Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students to do my determination questionnaires and then waiting about more than a year to see who they were given.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly more likely chance to graduate -- even when I mapped them in every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of the standardized tests, even the security they felt when they were in school.
So it's not just in West Point or at the National Contest of Department in which determination matters -- it's also in school, especially for children at risk of adding it.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know how little science knows about their development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do I develop determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids a robust ethical work?
How do I keep them motivated for the long teeth?
The most honest answer is: I don't know.  And what I know is that the talent doesn't give them determination.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that just don't keep ahead of their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the common determination is not related or even related to the measurements of talent.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in children is something called growth mentality."
This is an idea in the University of Stanford by Carol Delhi, and it's the belief that ability to learn is not successful, that it can change with the effort.
Dr. Delhi has shown that when children read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grow in response to challenge, they are much more likely to feel when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So the growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have ahead of it.
We need to take our best ideas, our strongest intuitions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they have been successful, and we need to be willing to fail to fail, to get rid of the whole new lessons with the lessons learned.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our kids more determined.
Thank you.
Growing in Taiwan as the daughter of a calculator, one of my most crowded memories is my mother showing me the beauty, the shape and the figure of Chinese characters.
Since that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for a foreign abroad, it seems as interesting as the Great Wall China.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can go down this wall, so that what you might want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and quick method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each one of the strokes in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academics will understand 20,000 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of basic literature, enough to read traffic signals, mentors of restaurant -- understand the basic idea of websites or newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open their mouth as much as possible until it's square.
You get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
People.
If the shape of fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if you're screaming in a French way, "Balley" -- I'm getting together." So this symbol actually is an original of the shape of the call, but I like to believe it's the other way.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The piece of the door looks like a couple door door in the old west.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks for them to create a lot more characters.
One person.
If someone walks back, that's to follow.
As the old said, two are company, three are multiple.
If a person would be their arms, this person is saying, "It was so big.
The person inside the mouth, the person is stuck.
It's a prisoner as you Jona inside the whale.
A tree is a tree, two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the finally.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's a "slide."  Easy to remember, because a parallel tree is pretty ideal.
Remember the fire?
Two fire together, it makes very hot.
Three fire together, that's a lot of calls.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's burning.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two sounds together, profession.
Three together, those are delays.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the brilliant.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and night.
The sun comes out on the horizon. You know.
One door, put a table inside the door, is the cloud of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Too, did you hear somebody at home?
This person is coming out of a door, screaming, available.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing themselves.
Three women together, they have careful adults.
So we've already gone for nearly 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radical people will allow them to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every little effort, you'll be able to learn a couple hundred characters, which is the same thing as an eight-year-old Chinese.
So after I met the characters, we started to create sentences.
For example, the mountain and the fire together, we have a fire. It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land of the nation.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is in the east of China.
So a sun next to the origin created Japan.
A person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two mountains stacked on the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile because Chinese employers were death to their political enemies beyond mountains.
Today, the exile has become out.
A mouth that tells you where to go out is a salt.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and drawn from the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be Dad is the movies I come to see.
I love to share my favorite movies with my kids, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the magnet of Oz together.
The film mastered its imagination for months.
His favorite character was Glennia, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic variable.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and we raised our children in a kind of industrial fantasy.
However, the OEG magician was an event on itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend actually took four years later with it, interestingly, another film whose protests -- a metal boy and a healthy kid rescued a girl dressed like the enemy of the enemy.
Do you know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a great difference between these two films, there's a couple of great differences between the magician of Oz and all the films that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the magnetic one.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like apples.
But I think if the one magician is done today, the magician would say, Dockey, you're the savings of Oz as the prophecy.
You use magic shoes to defeat the military generations of the evil breakthrough.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing about Okanguign magician is that the most heroic characters and wise and even violent are women.
I started noticing this when I did see Star Warrens to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a son.
of just three years.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the survival level had gone down.  And so he was distinguished in the room and he was impressed as a mother leg with his pathogens behind, and I don't think he understood what was happening, but unfortunately, it absorbs everything.
I wonder what it is.
Would you be issues of value, personalization and life?
Would it have the sense that Luke one to an army to defeat the government?
We compare this to the 1990s magician of 1993.
How do you win Docheleek his film.
making good friends with all and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow up, OK? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much capital Facebook, force in movies for our children, and so little from the path of yellow carbon?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in the girls, and you should read it. It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this store.
I know for experience that the Princess Line didn't provide the right framework that would have served me to navigate around the world of adults which is mixing.  I think at the moment of the first kiss I really expected the credit to start to appear because it's the end of the movie, right?
My search has finished, I have girlfriend.
Why are they still standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The films focus on driving the violin and get their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like a child, you have to be a silly animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are many exceptions, and to defend the principles of Disney to any of you.
But they send a message to the children, even though they do, the kids, are not really their target audience.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the path, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the pathogen.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real as Timonic and Katies, but they don't stop being movies of war.
Of course, the most successful subject of all time continues to appear in classic after classic -- each of them about the adventure of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who raised a child.
Until that, as many of you are thinking, this year, finally came back.
I recommend all of you. It's already available in stores.
Remember what the criticism said when it came out of Valley?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie from a principle.
It's very good. Don't let that stop them."
Well, almost none of these films is going through the test of Bergen.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It's still not taken roots and already spread, but maybe we will start a movement.
Alexander Bia is a comic computer, and in the middle of the 1980s, I recorded a conversation that had had a friend of the movies that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that should be done, in the movie, there is more than a female character that has lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
Are these women talking to each other at some point in the film?
Their conversations are about something more about the kid than they do like it?  Okay? Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things to each other.
It happens -- I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the cinema that we know and love.
In fact, this week, I went to see a very good quality movie, Argentina.
Right? Robotics successes, touch success -- a sense of consensus of what is a Hollywood movie movie.
Protected, it's not the test of Bergen.
And I don't think it should, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in an embassy where men and women hide during the residents crisis.
We have many scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations on this hidden and is the great time for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say, "Come to bed, charge?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, from the 100 most popular movies, how many of them believe they have female protesters?
One. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, then it's fine.
But there's a bigger number than this one who's going to detect this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says it has been sexually assaulted ever in their life.
I don't think it's the guilt of mass entertainment.
I don't believe that movies for children have something to do with that.
I also don't believe that music or pornography videos are closely linked to me, but something bad -- and when I hear that statistics, one of the things that I think is there is a lot of sexual budgets.
Who are those guys, what are these learning?
What do you not get to learn?
They're installing the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the valley with violence and then charge the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't talk about?
Are we assigning that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistics.
We have tools to our willingness as a powerful pollen, and we expect that to help, but I have to ask you, but I have to ask, "Construct power is going to protect you, at the same time, active or passively -- are we educating our children to keep their male power?
I mean, I think the list of Netflix is a way to do something really important, and here I mean primarily to the parents.
I think we need to show our children a new definition of shoulder.
The definition of malaria is radically changing.
You've read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the shortcuts.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what was his favorite character of "Star Wars -- you know what it responded?
Obama.
Obama. Kenya and Glass.
What are these two common?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that know more than anyone else, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them achieve their potential.
They're leaders.
I like that kind of story for my daughter, and I like that kind of story for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories that I say to my son, "Go and fight just and more stories where he looked at her work is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, helping other people better and better people, like the one magician of Ok.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things I liked most was to look for sea cookies, because my parents told me that that would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these conferences.
You're covered with sand, and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for them.
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and the architecture.
And finally when I started studying Egyptian, I realized that seeing with my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine, I had grown up to one of almost 3,000 miles of length alongside the Nike.
And my sea cookies.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew that I had to see differently.
I want to show you an example of how different we look at the infrared use.
This is a place located in the eastern Delta of Egypt called Bene.
And the place, to simple sight, seems to be brown -- but when we use the infrared and we process it using false color, suddenly the place looks like bright pink.
What you're looking at are the real chemical changes of landscape caused by building materials and the activities of ancient Egyptians and the activities of the ancient Egyptians of the business.
I want to share with you how we used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called East, lost for thousands of years.
Italian was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located at the Facebook, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of the ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that Italian was located somewhere near the pyramid of the two kings that built them into the red circles here, but somewhere inside this huge tar planning.
This area is huge. It's about six miles per mile.
Before, the Nicole flower right next to installation and as it changed over time, he moved into this and covered the whole city.
So how do you find a city separated in an extensive landscape?
Trying to find the random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a card, with your eyes sold and using baseball gloves using baseball gloves and using baseball gloves and based on baseball.
So, we use NASA topographic data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We were able to see where the Nike lights up.
But you can see more deliberately, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that you see inside the circle here, which we think could be the location of Italia.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing samples -- you can see it here.
When I say samples, it's like the ice samples in ice, but instead of layer of climate change, we look for human occupation layers for us.
Five feet below a thick thick layer of it, we found a dense layer of certain objects of clear.
This means that in this possible location of Italia, five meters down, we have a several hundred occupation layer of a number of years of the Middle Empire, exactly the same period we think it's Israel.
We also found the jobs of fishermen, coral and car and gasoler, which shows that there was a jewelry board.
This might seem like it's not much, but when we think about the most common stones used on the jewelry of the Middle Empire, these are the stones that were used.
So we have a dense layer of occupation that data from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence of a elite jewelry shop that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We don't find Ethiopia here, but we'll go back to place in a near future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, probably was written in Italian 4,000 years ago.
To share knowledge is the biggest of all the voices.
There's nothing like that on land.
So according to it, TED was not founded in 1984 -- C.
Now making ideas happen really started in 1984 to C. in a city lost not for a long time and found from the high.
It certainly puts the search for marine shells.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of the door of the house.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, the material that's done.
Now you visualize a group of obese northern circuits.
They're competing in a Buddhist biological career and they go in direction to their door door.
I need you to see this really true.
They're pursuing strong, they're supplying, they're going to jump out a lot.
And they collide against the door of your house.
There are bicycles flying around all places, wheels that go on their side, rays of the wheels that end up in absorbently places, pass the door of the door.
To the lobby, to the strain, or what there is on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light.
He's waving them with hand.
From his chair on a brown horse.
It's a horse that talks about.
You can feel your blue plant doing it in the nose.
You can smell the oats. You can smell that it's about to get into the mouth.
Go on one side and train your living room.
In the room, and making a maximum use of his imagination, imagine Britney Spanish.
He's with little clothes, dancing on his center message, singing "Hi Bay The Moon Time One."
Now let me tell you the kitchen.
The soil has been coated with a path of yellow brick and from the oven come to you Dohan, the Hollywood man, the Parkinson's and the lion of "The Loger of Oh, grabbed from hands, jumping up to you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar competition that is carrying every spring in New York.
It's called the United States Memberso."
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting for, I suppose, that this was like the end of a wise supervise.
There were several men and a few different ladies of dinosaurs and different hygiene.
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers, looking at them just once.
They memorize the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorize entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who could memorize more rapidly.
And I thought, "This is incredibly incredibly."
These people have to be phenomena of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Colorado who had come from England and has one of the best trained memories.
I said, "OK, when do you realize that you were a kids?"
Ed said, "I'm not a wise.
Actually, I have an average memory.
Everybody who participate in this competition says they have normal memory.
We have trained ourselves to do these miraculous memory acts using an ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that Christian used to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books.
And my reaction was, "Yeah. How did I not hear this before?
We were standing out of the competition room, and Ed -- who is a wonderful and brilliant English, although a little bit ecologically, he said, "Johns, you're an American journalist ...
Do you know Britney Spaces?
And I said, "What? No, why?
"Because I would like to teach Britney Spaces how to memorize order in a barrier of live nations, in national television.
That would test the world that anyone can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not Britney Spaces, but maybe you can teach me.
I mean, you have to start for something not?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not just training my memory, but also researching it, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what their potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called Einstein.
He's amountable, very likely with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that he didn't even remember that I had a memory problem, it's amazing.
Someone incredibly tragic -- but it was a window that allowed to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
At the other end of the spectrum I met this man.
This is Kim Peter. He was based on the role of Distraction Hawking in the film "Ram Man."
We spent one afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, showing telephone guides, was centralized.
And when I came back, I read a number of treaties on the written memory about 2,000 years ago in Latin, in ancient and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things that I learned is that there was a time when this idea of being trained and disciplined and culture was not as rare as you can look like today.
A long time ago, people invested in their memory, in providing their minds.
These techniques have made possible our modern world, but they have also changed.
They have changed us culturally and I would say that they have changed as well.
As we already have no need to remember, sometimes we seem to have forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where you still find passionate people by this idea of a trained memory, disciplined and cultural is this very unique memory competition.
It's actually not that simplement. There are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated -- I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a research group at the University College of London invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
You wanted to know: Is it going to be brains in some ways, structural or economically different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they more intelligent than the rest of it?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects who compare them.
When they put them in a magnetic resonance machine, they scan their brains as they memorize numbers, faces and forms of snow containers, found that in memory champions were lit up in the brain, different parts of the brain.
In effect, they used or seemed to be used, a part of the brain that involves spatial memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something that we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memory is driving as a armed career where each year comes to someone with a new way to remember more things, more quickly, and then the rest of the competitors must be placed to the day.
This is my friend Ben Prize, three times a memory bed.
In his desk, in front of him -- there are 36 straight navigations of navigations that he is about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and just dominated.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 412 random binary digits.
In half a hour. Yeah.
And as there is a lot of ways to remember things in these competence, absolutely all of the techniques used at the end are reduced to one concept that psychologists call electronic conflict.
It illustrates with an elegant paradigm known as the Ballery paradox. (Ballister says the following: I tell two people who remember the same word. I tell you you -- "You remember there's a man called Baker."
That's their name.
And then I said, "You remember there's a big "Balley."
And when I go back later, and I ask them, "You remember that word that I told you a right?
"You remember what it was?
The person who was told that his name is Bakery is unlikely to remember the same word that the person he told her is that his job is "background."
Same word, different memory capacity. That's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the Baker name actually doesn't mean anything for you.
With all the other memories.
But the word, "Balley." We know bandwidth.
They use simple white hat.
They have their hands in your hands.
They smell well when they go home to work.
We probably know some baker.
And when we first heard that word for the first time, we began to put affordable angels to find them easily at some point on the ground.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this is about 2,500 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the male of memory."
The story says this: there was a poet called Simples I attended a banjo.
They had hired it as an entertainment because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, it wasn't brought to a DP, he hired a poet.
He stood up, he got his memory poem, and he went down, and so soon it was, the bank room collected out.
Give them all.
But not only killed them all, but it destroyed the bodies by leaving them wrong.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting.
So they could not get your bodies.
One tragedy behind the other.
Symmetries, standing outside, one survivor, in the middle of the rubble -- closed the eyes and realized that with the eyes of their mind, I could see where it had been sitting every single invention.
He took the family family families to take them where their loved ones were loved between the rubble.
What Simon did at that moment is something that we all know more or less intuitively -- and it is that no matter if we're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instructions for our colleagues, we have visual memory and exceptional space.
If you ask me to get the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about Simple, it's very likely to be very difficult to do it.
But I would bet if you asked them to say who was sitting on the brown horse in his lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and put it out of images with the things you want to remember -- the more crazy, slightly, fascinating, strange and stereotype is the image, more likely to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treaties in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin,
And how does it work?
Let's say that you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to make it memory, in the same way that Christian had done if they had invited TEDx 2,000 years ago.
What you might do is imagine you're at the door of your house.
And so you can figure out some kind of absolutely ridiculous image and crazy and innovative, to help you remember that the first thing they want to mention is that completely unlikely competition.
And then you can imagine entering your house, and see the Monterey Golden Montana, Montana E.
And that would remind you that they want to introduce your friend Ed Cook.
And then you would see Britney Spaces to remind you that funny anecdote that they want to tell.
And then you go into the kitchen, and the fourth subject that they would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how romantic speakers memorize their speech, not word for word, which is going to confuse them, but typical by typical.
In fact the term the tissue comes from the Greek "Tricks, which means "place."
It's a restruction of when people thought about the trajectory and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms.
The phrase for the first place, it would be like the first place in its memory board.
I saw that this was just fascinating, and I was filled in it.
I went to some of these memory competitions, and I had the idea of writing something extinct about this suburban memory culture.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a particularly boring event.
But seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting by taking tests, I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is holding the front.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I have no access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to get me in place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sit to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an ancient school animal bought in a toy market.
And I discovered that this was surprisingly entertaining.
Never expect it to be.
It was fun, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What is actually about doing is actually better and more of the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous, computer images, fantasy, uniqueness, absorbents and wild eyes, in the eye of mind.
I was pretty excited about this.
This is me, using my standard team of training for memory competition.
It's a pair of oranges and some conference glasses covered with tape leaving only two holes, because distribution is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that had covered a year before. It had the idea that it could go in, in a kind of participatory periodic experiment.
I thought this could be a good point for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition -- something that didn't have to happen.
Of course it's nice to be able to memorize speeches and phone numbers, and shopping lists -- but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be able to build memory palms or memorize nations of nations, to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was an innate gift -- but it's not the case.
Great memories are education.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we concentrate deeply.
The memory of memory -- these memory techniques, are just beatens.
In fact, they're not even real shortcuts.
They work because they make us work.
They form a kind of deep processing process, a kind of complete attention that most of us not just run around there.
But the reality is that there's no backs.
That's how things make memories.
And if there's something I want to leave you today, it's what Einstein, the amount that I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose from what is already our short existence by losing the Blacks or iPhone, not paying attention to the human being in front of us, who walks on our side. Are we so glad that we don't even bother ourselves in process in deep?
I learned from first hand that there are incredible memory capacities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person who remembers remember.
Thank you.
Today I'll talk to you about the last 30 years of architecture history.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex subject, so we will give only a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from N, Jersey, I was six and I lived there at my parents' house in a village called Liberia, and this was my child bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balcony that gave the living room.
And there were all the time looking at the television, and so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, everybody looked at me, and every time I was started by and I wrapped up in a towel, everybody looked at me.
And I was like this.
It was total, insecure and hated it.
He hated that journey, hated that ball, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Ready.
Those feelings that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, or the division of areas but of those visceral connections that we feel in the places we occupy in the places.
And it's not surprising that we feel that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency  Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
Either 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even notice us.
That makes us a little naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what they are going to be even trying to do, "The "Standard and democracy and democracy."
And I know that you think about it so that we could be based on a building 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a description that uses architects to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection, we've used this trick for a long time, a long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century, we used it to build houses.
Look, these stable, stable, solar soldiers.
This is very, very useful. Because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a lot of time and it's very complicated.
The people who build -- the urbanism and the governments, are always afraid of innovation, and they prefer to use ways they know they're going to work.
That's why we found buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Liberia Public Library who ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and you know, has a dome -- it has this round thing, columns -- red crazy -- that let me go through what Liberia tries to communicate with this building, the children, the property values -- history.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, was finished another library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital age.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet and read and share.
So how is it possible in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both of them called biologists, are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works according to the beginning of the prepare.
On one side is innovation, the architects that constantly drive new technologies, new technologies, new solutions for the current life forms today.
We monitor, we drive and push so much, which is completely removed from people.
All of the black -- this is depressed, you think we feel very well, but we're dead inside because we don't have another choice.
We need to go on the other side and come back to connect with those appreciated symbols.
So we do it, and we are all happy, but we feel like transgenders, so we started to experiment back the back of the back and over and over again. So we've done it over the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago we went out of the '70s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called British Raisude."
It has to do with the concrete.
That can be guess.
Small windows, in delicious scale.
Really hard stuff.
So we approached to the 1980s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We push the prepare again in the other direction.
We take those ways that we know and we update them.
We add a gene and we add steps and we use new materials.
You love it.
We don't give up.
We take the Children Christian and convert them into relatives, which can be mediate cartilages made of glass.
The shapes were supported, they won in audacity and colorful ways.
The fire became columns became columns.
The cases grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But it was the 1980s, that was great.
We all spent the time in commercial centers, we moved to the neighborhoods, and there in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasies could be to medicine, to French or intuitive.
Probably with a symphony of bread.
This is what happens with power.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we prescribe memories from other places.
I know very well, and you all know, this is not the Tsus.
This is Oklahoma.
Architects are frustrated and we started doing the prepare of the new direction in the other direction.
In the '80s and early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called deconstruction.
We are looking at historical symbols, now we have new design techniques with computer design techniques, and we find new compositions.
This is academic and angel, and it's super popular. One is totally excluded.
Usually, the pencil would be raped again in opposite direction.
But something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's Bilbarism Georger.
This building fundamentally changed the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Golden said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when the critics and academic and public in general, they were completely according to a building.
The New York Times called this military construction.
The Bible is augmented by a 2,500 percent when the building ended up.
So all of a sudden, everybody wanted one of those buildings, Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Spinoza.
Everybody wanted one, and Gehry was everywhere.
He was our first star architecture.
But how is it possible that these ways, wild and radical, how is it possible to become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media were saved around them, and we quickly learned that these shapes meant culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
And the same thing did the main mayor of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon of the new thousand countries with other star architects country.
I went to Zahaa and Liberia, and what happened with these few elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually started to happen with all the architecture, digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think for example, how do you consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to walk up to the next village to see a building.
The transportation is applied: you can take a boat, an airplane, can be tourists.
The technology accelerates -- you can see in the newspapers, in the telly and at the end, all of us are architecture photographers and the building is transported beyond its physical location.
Architecture is everywhere now, that means that the speed of communications finally has reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It doesn't take a long time to think about a building.
It takes a lot of time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 more buildings before we know if I designed four years ago it was a success or not.
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we find buildings like this.
The brutal was not a two-year-old movement.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they were.
That will never happen. I think, because we're in the threshold of the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of the ant, steel or accident, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the media to media, it starts to speak faster and faster, until we get in both extremes in the simultaneously, and it was effectively defeated by the difference between innovation and symbol between us, the architects, and you, the public.
Now we can do almost instant symbols with emotional charge of something completely new.
I'll show you how the system works on a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that was invented.
This is the center of a village called Pins in Fire Island, in the state of New York.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly at the finished product, there were no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community. That first summer, when people started coming and share it in social media, the building stopped being just a building, became a media building, because these are not just images of a building, it's the images that you made out of the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes collapse with collective memory, and when we charge these symbols.
So we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell each other what we think about architecture, because digital media not only changed the relationship between us, but have changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think of a second in those Library biomas.
If that building was built today, we first go online in search of new biologists?
We would be bombarded with examples of experiment, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's monitorings.
Musicians that can lead to the mayor of Liberia, people in Liberia, and tell them that there's no unique answer to what a library can be today.
We are part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experience.
It's all different now.
Architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use grand and complicated words, and one is no longer a desert audience that doesn't accept something that hasn't seen before.
Architects can listen to, and you don't let you engage with architecture.
That means that the prepared slope from one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find right solutions to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that tomorrow buildings will be very different to the buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Seventh can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red brick with ideas of what has to be a stadium.
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings, because we finally will be ready for the forms that are going to produce.
That means that buildings resemble nature of nature and not the opposite.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or for yoga or even one can marry there at night.
This means that three architects can dream in the East East of New York City, and raise half a million dollars from the community together around that cause, it's no longer a client alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little pavilion of soldiers, as muscle and fibers like the animals that are going to be seen.
Because no matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we built, what matters is what we build.
Architects already know how to make more ecological buildings, smarter and more kind.
We've been waiting for all of you to want.
Finally, we're not on opposite side.
They find an architect, and we have an architect, and we work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
Buildings not only reflect our society, but they shape the smallest spaces, the local libraries -- the homes where we form our children, and the step of the bedroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Stone.
I just turned a year and started walking.
And it does that great way, typical of the children of a year, to take away, as if his body was moving too fast for his legs.
It's totally accurate.
And one of the things that I like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection.
It's laughing and ship, and it gives himself those big and wet kiss.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all of his friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do it. And he made me think, when to stop doing this?
How is it that we suddenly aren't to our approach?
Because, apparently, we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people look for Google, "Am I fast?
This is Facebook, he's 13 years old and lives in Denner.
And like any teenagers, it just wants to be loved and fit.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for next week in school.
He has a little bit of fear, it's a little confused because, even though his mom tells you all the time that's beautiful, every day in school, somebody says it's ugly.
Among what his mom says to him and what his friends or friends of school say, don't know who to believe.
So it makes a video of it, I published it in YouTube, and I ask others to please leave a comment, "Am I nice or fast?
Well, so far, Facebook has received more than 13,000 comment.
Some of these are so unpleasant -- it doesn't even deserve the word to think about them.
We talk about a healthy and normal and current teenager, which gets these answers in one of the stages of their most vulnerable visual life.
Thousands of people are putting videos like this, in their most teenage girls trying to communicate in this way.
But what are it carrying to do this?
Well, the teenagers today are almost never alone.
They're under the pressure of being online and available all the time, talking, charging, giving me like, "I think, sharing, published, this never ends.
Never before we've been so connected in a continuous way, in a continuous way, so young.
As a mother said, "It's like there's a party in your room every night.
There's just no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are implicated.
This environment, of being connected, is stretching our children to automate based on the number of "I like you and the kinds of comments they get.
There's no division between a life in line and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what is real or what is not.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what is authentic and what is digitally manipulated digitally.
What is the most prominent thing in somebody's life in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are they looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are cover from the news of girls now.
Zero clay models continue to dominate our passengers.
The technique of surface is now a routine now.
And trends like, Titanic, the Tickless, Bible and effort.
For those of you who know it, it means international means.
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people compare to.
But kids are not immune to this.
Like the supermassive stars of the sports and the straight singers of the sports.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we certainly want our children to grow healthy and they're bad individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, at the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical capacity, their studies and other things start suffering.
Six in 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't look beautiful.
These are not trivial activities.
They're fundamental activities for growth as human beings and as control to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class arguments, they avoid participating in classrooms because they don't want to call attention for their physical appearance.
One in five are not attending classes at all over the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the testing season, if you don't think you see enough enough enough, specifically if you don't think you're thin enough, you will get a lower note to the average of your peers, who don't care about the appearance of appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland and the United States and China.
And it's irrespective of what they actually weigh these young people.
So, to make it clear of course, we're talking about how you see you, not how you're really you.
The low self-esteem on their body is determining academic performance.
And it's also paying health care.
Telescopes with little self-esteem do less physical activity, eat less fruits and vegetables, participate in more nonviolent diet than they can bring them to a food mess.
They have low self-esteem.
They are more easily influenced by the people around them, and they're at greater risk of depression.
And we think that's why they make more risky decisions, like alcohol and drug consumption, drug surgery, aesthetic relationships, sexual relationships to early ages and without protection and human damage.
The pursuit of the perfect body is pushing the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe they have support again, regardless of whether they have or don't have any higher adviser rates.
17 percent of women are not presented to a job interview in a day where they don't feel safe with the way you see.
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity?
So release this potential for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking, by itself, it doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key shapes, the first one is that we need to instill trust in their own body.
We need to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of the perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of well-intentioned programs -- without realizing it, the situation of the situation.
So, we must make sure that the program that follow our children not only have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs focus on six key areas -- the first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are crucial party points for any willing to provide an education in body self-worth.
An education is fundamental -- but face this problem requires each of us to take the rise in the issue and we are a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives.
It's challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to count with the control of our politicians in hair cuts or the size of their chest or instinctive that determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty.
We need to start judging people for what they are, not as you see.
We can all start doing it by taking responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you -- when was the last time you had a mirror back?
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as companies, to really change our culture, so that our children grow value their entire person, valuing the individual, diversity -- the inclusion of it.
We have to put people that are really making the difference in a peripheral.
For making a difference in the real world, we make them out on the big screen because we only create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they think they are never going to be seen.
Think about what this can mean for someone in your lives.
Who are in mind?
You know?
Do you have your sister.
To your daughter.
Is it their own supply? A friend of friends?
Could it be just the woman who is about two seats. What would it mean for her if it was released from that automatic voice on his interior, which is hit by not having long legs, slower floors, a more flat floor, smaller feet?
What would it mean for her if we overcome this and we would be able to go up to his potential like that?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is giving us all.
But let's teach our children the truth.
We teach you that the way you see it is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for who are and so they do, and as they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We change each one of us, the way we talk about and compared to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small trains of an age of today, become agents of safe change agents of themselves tomorrow.
Let's do it.
On November five in November 1990, a gentleman named Saturn Nature entered a hotel in Manhattan and killed the rabbi Metro Kambia, the leader of the Deletion of Defense Judge.
To North America initially declared it innocent but being prisoner for other minor charges, in the company of others, started planning attacks to about 12 icons from New York, including tunnels, symptoms and the United Nations.
Luckily, those plans were frustrated by an FBI informant information.
Sadly, the bomb of 1993 in the World Trade Center couldn't be avoided.
Later was going to be convicted by his participation in that bombing.
Slashing Nobel is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being him an Egyptian engineer, with a loving American mother, elementary school teacher -- between the two made all the possible possible to give me a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which very few, even most Muslims -- come to know.
By experience, I saw that when people take time to interact with, it doesn't require a lot to get to desire the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in every human group, there is always a little fraction of people who are terrified so straight to their convictions that think that you have to use all the media possible for everyone to live like them.
A few months before arrest he sat with me and explained to me that in the last few weeks, he and some friends had been going to train in Long Island to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We got to the Polable Pitt Polaboid who, without knowing our group, was blocked by the FBI.
When I got to throw up, my father helped me hold my repair in the shoulder, and I explained how to move the target at about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet that I gave to the little orange light on the goal, and for surprise of all, especially mine, the whole goal was in flames.
My uncle turned to the others and in Arabic, said "Bank Baby."
From such a father, so child.
The comment produced them a lot of laughter, but only a few years later, I understood what they were so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted by putting a load of severe pounds of explosives in the underground parking of the North Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and hurt another 1,000.
I admired those men.
I called them "Massage: meaning use.
When I was 19, I had moved to me 20 times. That instability during my childhood wasn't allowed to make a lot of friends.
Every time I started feeling comfortable near somebody was time to push and go to another city.
As it was always me the new face of the class often was a victim of killed.
I was serving secret my identity to avoid being the white, but it will be the new of the class, silence and regulation, was enough media.
So most of the time I spent it at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons it didn't develop social skills, to say it gently -- because they grew up under Fansa, it wasn't prepared for the real world.
They educate me to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that put out my thinking was during the presidential election of 2000.
In a college program in which I participated in National Convention June, in Philadelphia.
My group focused on the subject of juvenile violence, as I had been a victim of kill almost all my life, was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from various processes.
One day, towards the end of the conversation, I found that one of the guys who had made friendship was Jewish.
I took several days to go out to light this detail and realized that there was no animation between the two.
I've never had a Jewish friend of mine, and I was very proud to have been very proud of having been able to sell the barrier that all life had made me believe that it was intelligent.
Another crucial moment emerged when I got a summer job in Bush Garages, a amusement park.
I met people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures, that experience was fundamental in the development of my character.
The whole life had been taught that the homosexuality was a sin and, by extension, all the gay holes were bad influence.
By chance, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most tiny and less critical ones I had seen in life.
Having been accompanied by a child, I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat amazing people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
And so I could hire the stereotypes that had taught me as a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what that is to be honestly, but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control.
Then the Dad Show came out.
All night, Jon Stewart made me absolutely honest about my intelligences, and he helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my kick for a moment when I was desperately needed.
In occasions, inspiration can come from the unexpected, and that a Jewish comedian had had a better influence in my life than my own father, extremes, wasn't in vain.
And one day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something that I would keep my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with the tired eyes of somebody who had suffered enough domain and said, "I'm tired of hate."
At that point, I realized how much negative energy is needed to keep all of that hatred in your inside.
My real name is not Zake Eripon.
It changed when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why did I decide to go out and put myself into a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope that someone, who is trying to take violence, can hear my story and understand that there is a better path -- than even though I was connected to this violent and intelligent ideology -- I didn't get to make me fantastic.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against pressures.
I do it for the victims of terrorism and its loved ones, by the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism to talk against those meaningless acts as a rejection of my father's actions.
With this simple thing I'm happy here as a proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow their parents' roads.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Right now, there's a film that is projected in your minds.
It's an incredible multi-collapse.
It's in 3D and it has surface sound of what you hear and see right now, but that's just the beginning.
Your film has a army, taste and texture.
You feel your body, your pain, your hunger -- your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as moments of your childhood who are projected in front of your eyes.
And it has constantly a superconductor voice in your conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie is you who experience all in the way.
This film is your consciousness, the subject of the experience of the mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of being human.
Each one of us is conscious.
All of us have an internal film, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least I know that I have a little consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't conscious, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal movies?
Why are we not just robots that we have to produce outcomes without experiencing the internal film.
At this point, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science, by nature, is goal.
consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost all the 20th century, I lost that vision.
psychology studied the behavior obviously, neuroscience studied the brain, but never nobody mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there was very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then, 20 years ago, everything started to change.
Now neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Pentage said, "Now it's time for science to tackle consciousness.
And since then, there was a real explosion of the scientific work on consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment.
The center of consciousness of consciousness in recent years was the pursuit of corruption, correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw something about this guy in the fantastic work I presented Nancy Kansas a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better now, for example, the brain areas that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or pain or pain of feeling happy.
But this is still a science of corruption.
It's not a science of explanation.
We know that these brain areas are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain it by saying that this kind of neuroscience is answering some questions that we want it to explain consciousness. The questions about what makes certain areas of the brain and what they are correlated.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense to neuroscience.
There are actually no easy problems with consciousness.
Well, it doesn't deal with the real central mystery of this matter, why all physical processes in the brain have to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why is there an underground movie for it?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give neuroscience a few years.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like the booms, like humans, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical ends are every case of emerging behaviors, how they operate the booms, how the hurricane works, how they reproduce them, they adapt and metabolize living organisms -- all of these are questions about objective work.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon, how we walk, how we talk, how we play chess -- all of these are questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are among easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question of why is it that all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm of the energy, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually doesn't have much to say.
I'm a scientific heart material.
I want a scientific theory of the autonomy that works. For a long time, I was hitting my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms.
But at the end I came to the conclusion that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we stay at this point.
We have a great story of explanations, great. We used to be used to this -- physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains a part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit into this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
We don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think the consciousness, right now, is kind of a kind of an anomaly, something we need to integrate to our view of the world, but we don't know yet.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that will initially seem crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Denne, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there's no such a difficult problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the inner movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you need to do, is to explain the objective function, the behaviors of the brain, and this is how everything you need to explain for.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reducing consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfied.
But I am in a different direction.
In the time that I left, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promised.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
The physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental carbonates: space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that govern them, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental laws and properties are not explained in terms of nothing more basic.
On the contrary, they're considered fundamental and that's where the world is built.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental is alleged.
In the 19th century, Maxy discovered that you can't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental present concepts -- space, time, mass.
I think that's the situation that we find ourselves with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas, space time, time, mass, charge. So for a matter of logic, you have to add the list.
The most natural thing would be to boost consciousness itself as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that all of a sudden it's not the object of science.
It opens the way to manage scientifically.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass, physical processes.
The physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws that we could sign them on a remote.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws that are so simple that we could sign them on a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws they are, but that's what we look for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called "Pastology, "Paul for all of us, "specific for mind, every system is conscious -- not only humans, the dogs, the flies -- even the Robert KanzikR microbes -- the elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or to think.
It's not that a picture can be full of distress when you think, "Oh, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never deliver and smell the rocks."
No, so no.
But the thinking is that maybe the photons can have any raw sense of feeling, subsidi, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little bit crazy.
How did anybody think about something so crazy?
This is partly the first crazy idea, consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental -- like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, just like others.
It's also worth noticing that although the idea seems illegal, it's much less for the people of different cultures, where the human mind looks more like a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the most simple and powerful way to find fundamental laws that relate to the thinking with physical process, is to link awareness with information.
Whenever there is information processing, there's consciousness.
Complex information process, like a human being, complex awareness.
Simple information process, simple awareness.
Something very exciting is that in recent years a neuroscientist, Gillian Tony, took this kind of theory and developed it with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information of information, which called Health, which measures the degree of integrated information in a system.
And you assume that he has to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible high degree of information integration, a high degree of Chinese, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is an average degree of information of information, which is equally significant.
But when you get to the laboratories, microbes particles, the degree of the boy said.
The level of information integration is less, but it's not zero either.
In Tony theory, there's still a level of conscious consciousness of zero.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness, high degree of Chile, high degree of consciousness.
In addition, another reason is that capitalism can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
Physics and philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't tell us about the reality that underlies underneath.
As Stephen Hawking, "Where is the fire of equations?
From the paper view of the physics equations can be left as they are, but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire.
In that vision, consciousness is not in the physical world as a kind of addition.
It's right in the center.
This vision, I think, the paper vision, has the potential to transfer our relationship with nature, and it can have social consequences and ethical consequences.
Some can be illegal.
I used to think that I should not eat anything that had consciousness, then it should be vegetable.
If you're a paper and you accept that vision, you will have a lot of hungry.
I believe that thinking well, this tends to transform your visions as what matters in ethical terms and moral consideration -- it's not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and its complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the Star artificial intelligence system in the "Star movie.
Is it conscious?
According to the vision of the paper information, she has a complicated information, integrated information, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you can plant very serious ethical problems about the ethics of intelligent computer systems and the ethics of taking them off.
Finally, you can ask for complete collective consciousness, the planet.
Canada has its own consciousness?
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience on a TED Talk, at this time we have a TED collective consciousness, an internal film for this entire TED group -- different from the internal movies of each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least a question that needs to be serious.
So this paper vision, it's a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer than the first crazy idea, consciousness is a fundamental thing, that the second one is universal.
The vision raises a lot of questions, a lot of challenges, like, how those pieces of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness we know and love.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going on the right path to a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, this is probably the hardest problem in science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we're finally going to find it out.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in Victoria.
It had a very normal profile, a low profile of education.
I went to school, I joined my friends, I was fighting my younger sisters.
It was all very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community approached my parents, because I wanted to name for a community prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She actually hasn't gotten anything."  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a low profile on my mother's lady, and I spent a lot of time looking at the series "Bush State The Samaro Slash" and "Darwinism Creator."
Yes, I know. What control.
But they were right.
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we took disability outside the equation.
Years later, being at the second part of the teaching in a high school of Melani, just after about 20 minutes in the middle class of legal studies, a guy raised his hand and said, "Hey, when do you give your discussion?
And I said, "What distinguished?
Well, I had been talking to you about the law of discipline for a good 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your moral speech.
When people in wheelchair chairs, they talk about inspiring things in school?
"He usually in the car room.
And it was then when I realized, this child had had experiences with people with disability as inspiration objects.
And we don't. And it's not the blame of the guy, that is, that's true for many of us.
For us, the disabled people are not our teachers or our doctors or our hands.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire us.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair, and you're probably waiting for them to inspire you. Right?  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to be super-controlled specifically.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that they have lied to disability.
Yes, you have been sold the lie that disability is something wrong, to massive, Mexico.
It's a bad thing and live with a disability makes you exciting.
It's not a bad thing and I can't make it exciting.
And over the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude.
Or this one: "Your excuse is invited." In effect.
Or this other one: "Before I left, I think it."
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
It may have seen one, from the girl without hands drawing with a pencil by the mouth.
You may have seen a child running with artificial legs of carbon fiber.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term developed debate, because they engage a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we match the disabilities in the benefit of people without disabilities.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, to motivate them, so that we can see them and think, "Well, by very bad that it's my life, it might be worse.
I could be that person.
But what if you're that person?
I've lost the account of the number of times that have gotten me strange to express that they believe that I am brave or a source of inspiration, and this happened to before my work had a public profile.
It was like I'm happy to get up in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is to compete.
These images, those images engage people with disability in the benefit of people without disabilities.
They're there so you can see them and think that things aren't so bad for you, or to put your concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something difficult.
We knew some things.
But the things we know are not the things that you might think.
They're not relative to our bodies.
I use the term the term personalized, deliberately because I really subscribe to the so-called social model of disability that tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live in because of our bodies or diagnostics.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very mad with him.
It does the things I need to do, and I've learned how to get the best of their ability as well as you do, and that's what happens with the kids of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside the common.
They're just using their bodies taking the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to tell them in the way we do it, when we share those pictures?
When people say, "You're a source of inspiration: it says it as a complete.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because we've sold this lie that disability makes us exciting.
And honestly, it doesn't do it.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here by swinging inspiration and you think, "My God, you're not sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
Learning from other people with disability at all.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
I learn that this is a great idea to use a few birds to collect the things that are falling to me.  I learn the ingenious trick of how to charge the cell phone battery in the chair of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the strength and resilience of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis, but against a world that except and complicated us.
I really believe that that lie that has sold us about disability is the biggest injustice.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude, the reason that that is lie is because it's not true, because of the social disability model.
A lot of smiles in front of a stairs has never done that it becomes a branch.
Never.   So smiling before a television screen will not do the supplies for deaf people.
Nor also a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and irining a positive attitude to convert all those books into the branch.
It's just not going to happen.
I really want to live in a world where disability is not exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl, sitting in his bedroom watching "Bulgaria the Mary Sunday: It doesn't consider a non-sexual news for being in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we are happy to get out of bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disabilities, and I want to live in a world where a 11th degree in a high school in Melani is not a little bit surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair users.
Disability doesn't make us excited, but to question what you think you know about what it does.
Thank you.
What do you have to see the augmented reality and the professional football with the empathy?
What is the average speed of a pollen without charge?
Unfortunately, today just answer one of those questions, so please don't describe.
When people think of augmented reality, they think in Mind-war Reporter: And in Tom Cruise by running the hands in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because the augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and the mobile phones.
So how do we get to augmented reality?
The first step, is what I wear the guys that Google Golden Galvas.
I'm sure many of you are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that Google Glass, are a device that allows them to see what I see.
I'll allow you to experience what is being a professional sports in the field.
Right now, the only way of being in the field is that I try to describe you.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, underneath a helmet and know what is running through the game field at 160 kilometers, the blood hitting your ears.
We can know that you feel like a 110 pounds man, trying to break us up with all its being.
I've been there and I assure you that it's nothing nice.
I bring some videos to show you what it is to use Google Glass, under the helmet and give you an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of the NBA practices, because the idea of the elephant of emerging technology is a submarine coming up to the surface. But we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Kleep," we go.
It's horrible to be pillar.
A moment. Let's get a little bit.
Right?
Go!
Chris Kluid: As you can see, it's a problem of what is being placed in the football field, from the perspective of the keyboard.
You realize that you lack people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, cookie from the University of Washington.
Field Maria: Raches 54: Rats 54."
Blue eight, Blue E." Go!
Chris Klusber: This is a little bit more about feeling to be in the field, but it has nothing to do with being at the NASA.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and they've asked me in YouTube and on Twitter, you can see from the angle of a field marriage.
Or of a round?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get to fill out -- how do we take it to the next level?
We took it to that level using something called Octobers Richard, which surely many already know.
The October Rich has been described as the most realistic virtual reality apparatus ever created, and it's not cheap words.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no. I don't want to keep playing play." No!
Oh, my God. Ah!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain fearing for his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we get a video from Adam Peter crossing the line, getting rid of a workshop with the arm before running and make an anatomy? What will be the experience of a fan.
When it can be Mission running through the ship, throwing the ball into the bottom of the network? Or Federal doing a show in William?
What will be your experience when you go from a mountain to over 100 miles as a Olympic scanner?
Maybe you increase the sales of advertisers for adults.
But this is not even augmented reality.
It's just virtual reality, River.
How do we achieve the augmented reality, Rosey?
Let's get augmented reality when the coaches and the magnetics and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win parts?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. They give them money.
So, here is a brief story on the NFLA technology.
In 1965, the Ballis of Baltimore put a sign to their field marriage to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NFL placed radio in the cases of the field markets and then in the defense.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2013, imagine that they are a player coming back to their group and see their next game shown in front of you, in a plastic bombsight that they carry on -- you won't have to worry about forgetting a game.
Or to memorize the strategy.
They just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if you don't follow their instructions, they lose parts, and they hate losing parts.
If you lose parties you have you as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But the augmented reality is not just a manual of better strategies.
augmented reality is also a way of collecting information and use it in real time to improve your own way to play the game.
How would it be done?
Well, a very simple option would be having a camera in every corner of the stadium, having a view from the high of the people that are down.
You also get information from the sensors of the helmet and the apples, something that's already working already.
And all of that information is sent to your players.
Good teams will know to send them.
The bad ones will have information supply.
This will differentiate the good teams of bad equipment.
So your team of computing will be as important as your records, and data analysis will stop being just for nerds.
It's going to be a sports. Who would have imagined it?
What would it be in the field?
Imagine the field marketing.
You get the balance and you go back.
You look for an open receptor -- all of a sudden, a flower on the left part of your bombsight tells you that a defense behind you is going to attack you, normally, you wouldn't see it, but the Rosey system is going to get you.
Go forward to the area of protection.
Another flower is that there's an open receptor.
You throw the balance up, but you were dropped.
And the ball loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land, though, the receptor sees in your bombsight a grass area that lights up and can modify the race.
You zoom in, it attracted the bathroom, running and note.
The public picks up and the fans have followed the play from every angle.
This is something that will create a massive emotion on the side.
I'm going to make lots of people look at it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
augmented reality will be part of the sports because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is: Do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just as bread and circuit, like our usual entertainment.
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to foster the empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally, to be in another person.
We know what this technology is worth of sports lights.
It generates billions of income a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show you how harmful their actions are from the perspective of the victims?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how is being personally?
How much is it worth for an DNA Communication or a Nepal Darwin Tony trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of triangulate notes and Karriel?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality is coming.
The questions we do, the decisions we take and the challenges that we face, they depend as always, of us.
Thank you.
I recently retire me after 23 years of service at the High Hall of California.
Most of those 23 years I spent the southern end of the Maria County, including the Goldman Gates Bridge Institute.
The bridge is an iconic structure, known globally by their beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean and his insulin statement.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Golden Gates Bridge was open in 1933.
Joseph Street, the chief head of building the bridge, said that, "The bridge is pretty much to test suicide.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical nor probably probably probably probably probably.
But from its openness, over 1,600 people have jumped into their death from that bridge.
Some of you believe that traveling between the two towers will bring them to another dimension, this bridge has been identified as such as the fall from him to release you from all your concerns and pain, and the waters that go below clean your soul.
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After one every free of four to five seconds, the body hit against the water about 120 miles per hour.
The impact breaks the bone, some of which have a vital organ.
Most of them die in the impact.
Those of you who don't normally get together in the infected water, and then they drowned out.
I don't think that the people who build this method of suicide realize the death of death that they face.
This is the cables.
Except about two towers, there are 32 inches of parallel steel to bridge.
This is where most people are going to be before taking their life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge, and at its darkest moment, it's very hard to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man spoke to an officer by contemplating his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we were successful that day to bring it back on the deck.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We struggled to channel the path through these calls.
This wasn't just a bad service to those who build the suicide, but the officials as well.
We've gone a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychologists train new offices.
This is Jason Garden.
I met it on July 22 last year when I got a call from a possible suicide subject sitting on the edge near the center.
I said, and when I arrived, I looked at Jason talking to a bridge of the Goldman Gates Bridge Hamp.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, it had flown up here twice before New Jersey to try to get suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason -- I asked you if we knew the story of Pandora's box.
The Greek mythology recorded Pakistan, and he sent her to the Earth with a box, and he said, "No, you never open that box.
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Pakistan, and she opened the box.
He came out of it, sheets, and all kinds of bad against man.
The only thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What if you open the box and there's no hope?
He stopped a few moments, leaned on the right, and left.
This lovely and intelligent girl from New Jersey just taken away the life.
I talked to the parents from Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the rabbi of the family called me to see how it was.
Jason parents had asked them.
Sub-Saharan color damage affect many people.
You ask these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved out of a subject?
What would you say?
You know what to say?
In my experience, you don't just have to speak, but you have to listen.
Listening to understand.
Don't argue, collections, or you tell the person you know how you feel, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the point of inflection you need.
If you think somebody is suicide -- you don't have afraid to deal with them and ask the question.
One way to ask you the question is, "You know, in similar circumstances have thought about finishing their life, you've had these thoughts, right?
Containing the person in front of you can save life and be the point of inflection for them.
Other signs to search for them, desperation, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to improve. Interview, believe that there is nothing you can do about it, recent social isolation, and a lost of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple days ago, and I got an email from a lady and I'd like to read her letter.
She lost his son on January 19, and he wrote this email just a couple days ago, and it's with his permission and blessing that I read it.
"Hello, Kevin, I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go foot this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell many people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still quite intensive, but I will notice more moments of realizing that Mike will not go home.
Mike was driving from Peter to San Francisco to see the 49 with his father on the 19th of January.
It never got there.
I called Peter police and repeated it as a disappeared night.
At the next morning, two official officials came to my house, and they reported me that the Mike car was down in the bridge.
One witnesses had seen him jump from the bridge at 1750 in the late day of the day.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight themselves.
Who hasn't been before wrong without suffering a real mental illness.
It shouldn't be so easy to end up with it.
My prayers are with you for your struggle.
The GPS, the Golden Gates Bridge must be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a certainty.
Good luck this week, Victoria."
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and run the path that his son took that day, and also the value to go forward.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean hope and value.
On March 11, 2005, I responded to a radio call for a possible subject on the bridge near the northern tower.
I drove my bike, and I looked at this man, Kevin Berkeley, standing on the sidewalk.
When I looked at me, I immediately craving the deck and stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
During the next and a half ago, I heard like Kevin talked about her depression and despair.
Kevin decided for his account that day to go back on that lane and give it to life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I said, "What was what made you go back and give the hope and life another opportunity?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "You listen.
You let me talk to you and just listen."
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the mother of Kevin, and I have that letter with me, and I'd like to thank you.
"Dear Brazil, "Drought No be striking the events of the 11 of March, and you are one of the reasons that Kevin is still with us.
And honestly, I think Kevin was crying for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it's been properly medication.
I adopted Kevin when I was only six months old, completely unaware of all those heroic traits -- but thanks to God, we now know.
Kevin is in order, like he said.
We give God for you.
Just in debt with you, Narra Berkeley simply.
And at the end she wrote, "Oh, I said, "When I visited the General hospital of San Francisco that night, you just figure out how the patient.
"I know I had to fix it."
Today, Kevin is an active father and active member of society.
It speaks openly about the events of that day and his depression with the hope that his story will inspire others.
Superintenduring is not just something that I've been at work.
It's personal.
My grandfather subsidies with poison.
That act, despite finishing his own pain, I stole the opportunity to know it.
This is what the suicide does.
For most suicide people, or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think of taking another person.
They just want your own pain to go.
Typically, this gets only three ways: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded and I've been involved in hundreds of mental diseases and suicide calls around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason left.
The other one was a man who told him about an hour.
During that time, I broke my hand in three times.
In the final performance, I looked at me, and he said, "Kevin, sorry, but I have to go."
And he jumped out.
Honey, absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people we get to focus on that bridge are not superintelligent.
Also, those few that have jumped out of the bridge and lived and that you can talk about it, that one one or two percent, most of those people have said that the second one left the railing realized that they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge is not only Marine with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that everybody and each of us should strive to do for doing.
Subsidizes can be prevent.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you're not, but you know what you are, and a question makes you, how do you become that?
I should be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone in any way I am alone.
When I became a model I felt that I finally made the dream that I had had from a child.
My outside finally agreed with my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, I will refer to you later, when I look at this picture I think, "Good George, you get it, you get it.
But the October October, I discovered that, barely -- I'm starting ...
We all join our families, our religion, our society, our time in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the value of liberating, to get rid of the limitations imposed by the color of skin or because of the beliefs around us.
They're people who always defy the status quo.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent even, ignored my story.
I think this seal is called revealing.
This is mine.
They recorded me as a "nice boy because of the appearance of my genital genius.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always took this shirt on his head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that shirt on your head?
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl."
I knew how to support me.
Gender has always been considered an immense fact, but now we know that, really, it's more complex and missing.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I thought it's going to be what I am is bad, but how the world is treating those of us who want to liberate us.
Every day I appreciate being a woman.
I have mom, Dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a Hindu goddess -- diagnosed with the women.
And when I was eight years old, I was on a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries in the pieces.
I was standing in front of the stage, and I remember this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something beat me, this is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I was still dressed of man, I met this woman called T.C.
It's the director of a transparent beauty.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you been involved in the beauty concept?
He told me that if she participated her from the show of instinctions and the range, and that night, I won in a toilet suit -- he won in a gallery suit and he was the third line between over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was within the world of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was of a beauty of blue women, but I can.
I also met the gods, especially when we traveled to remote provinces of the Pitchlines.
But more importantly, I met my best friends in that community.
In 2001, my mom, who moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they approved my advertising of the green card that I could go to live in the U.S.
I was resisted.
I said to my mother, "Mommy, I'm getting fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty of beauty.
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "You know that if you moved to the United States, you can change the name and your gender identity.
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested me to put two "end to my name.
She also accompanied me when I was operating in Thailand at 19 years.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand perform the most prestigious and sophisticated and safe surgery.
At that time in the United States, it was necessary to make surgery before change the name and the gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driver's license and the Femal gender "Female."
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity of identity means power to drive or power to get a train, but for me it was the license to live, to feel decisive.
Suddenly, my fears were literally limited.
I felt I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and being model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman of Al New Natalites.
A young woman from New York who rarely lived his truth, but that, destroyed, went to her life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All 20 of November we do a global surveillance for the Marshall Marine Day.
I'm on this stage thanks to a long story of people who fought and stood up to injustice.
These are Marshall P. Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't continue to live my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame or fear.
I'm here, explaining to you, so that someday there is no longer more 1960 of November.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Would you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: Gee Saturday, George, a quick question.
George Rob: Sure. You see, first, thank you with all my benefits.
To my own parents, my parents especially to my family, which is very strong.
I remember all the times that I've attended young women who have been translated, and sometimes when they called me and told me that their parents couldn't accept it, I took the phone, called my mom and said, "Mommy, you can call this woman?
Sometimes it worked, other not. It's just gender identity, that's what's in the center of what we are, right?
I mean, we all have a gender at birth, and what I try to do is put on the table the subject that sometimes that non-sexually assistance, and there should be a space that would allow people to automatically, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transparent movement is starting compared to gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
I should have understand.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you're all my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very kind. GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, the parents usually know about their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for their daughter, and I'm proud of it.
Malawi started his campaign for education by defending his rights in 2007, and when their efforts were marked in 2011, when they were given the Jewish Prize Prince of peace, he became very famous, a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, it was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we look at the history of humanity, women's history is the story of injustice and inequality, violence and exploitation.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when when you're born a girl, your birth doesn't celebrate.
He's not welcome for his father, not for his mother.
The neighborhood comes from the mother and no one happy.
And a mother opens up a lot for having a child.
When I give birth to the first child, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When I give birth to the second daughter, it is moved, and with the hope of a son, when he stored his third daughter, it feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only the mother suffering, but the daughter -- the newly born daughter, when it grows up, she suffers as well.
At the age of five years, when I should go to school, it stays at home and school admit to your siblings.
Up to age 12 in some sense, it has a good life.
It can be fun.
It can play with your friends on the street, and it can move through the streets like a butterfly.
But when it comes into adolescence, when it was 13 years old, he would ban her home without a male accelerator.
He's confined to the four walls of his house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the honor of his father and his brothers and his family, and if you plot the code of that honor support, you could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this subject code of honor, not only affects the life of a guy, it also affects the life of the male family members of the family.
So this brother, sacrifice the joy of his life and the happiness of his sisters in name of the honor constant.
And there's one more norm of the patriarchal societies called obesity.
A good girl must be very cool, very humble and very smooth.
It's the crime.
The model of a good girl must be quiet.
It's supposed to be silent and accepting the decisions of their father and mother and the decisions of the elderly even if you don't.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like it, or if you marry it with an old man, it has to accept it, because it doesn't want to be thrown out of destruction.
If you get it very young, it has to accept it.
Otherwise, they call it destination.
And what happens at the end?
In the words of a poet: "The home, the search -- and then gives birth to more children and daughters."
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, includes the same lesson of obesity to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children.
And this vicious circle goes on and on.
And dear brothers and sisters when Malay was born, and for the first time, believe me, I didn't like the newborns, to be honest, but when I was there and I looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt extremely honored to me.
And so long before I was born, I thought about her name, and I was fascinated with a legendary fight of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Mall from Manhattan, and I called my daughter like that.
But when I looked at me, they were men, and I grabbed my pen, and I brought a line from my name, and I wrote, "Malay."
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half years old, I admire her in my school.
You might ask, why should I mention a girl in a school?
Yes, I should mention it.
You can give it for sitting in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for the life of child.
So I'll be interested in a school means the recognition of their identity and their name.
A school administration means that it's entered the world of dreams and aspirations where they can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when I was growing the Canadian vision form, and I was in the relative part to the family, I couldn't remember the samples of some of my sisters.
And the reason I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give my sisters or his daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the patience of my daughter.
I encouraged her to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encouraged her to go with me to different meetings.
And all of these values, I've tried to inject them into their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Malay.
I have hit all these good values in my school to girls and kids alike.
I used education for embarrassment.
I taught my daughters, teaching students to forget the lesson of obesity.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called sensor.
And dear brothers and sisters we were fighting for more rights for women, and we were struggling to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights, and in particular, for women's rights.
It's called talent.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
Girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silent, the random girls and the killed song.
They suffered millions, but a few of them talked about, and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and stand when you're talking about their rights.
It's really frightening.
At the age of 10 years, Malawi, he stood up and raised on the right to education.
He wrote a paper for the BBC blog, she was offered herself for the New York Times, and he talked about every platform I could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It spread as a classroom around the world.
And that was the reason that the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and the nine of October 2012, they shot it into the head.
It was a critical day for my family and me.
The world became a big black hole.
Whereas my daughter was delivering between life and death, I whispered the ear to my wife to my wife, "I should blame myself for what happened to my daughter, your daughter to your daughter.
And he immediately said, "Please don't blame me.
Defender the right cause.
You put your life in play for the cause of the truth, for the cause of peace, and by the cause of education, and your daughter was inspired by you and you got together.
Both of them were on the right path and God protecting it.
These few words meant a lot for me, and I didn't wonder again.
When Malley was in the hospital and he had severe headaches and strong headaches because his facial nerve was cut up, I used to see a dark shadow that spread on the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained, though.
I used to tell you, "I am okay with my standard and my face in my face.
I'll get right. Please don't worry.
It was a solace for us, and it was consumed to us.
And dear brothers and sisters -- we've learned from her how to resist at the most difficult moments, and I was pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for the rights of children and women, it's like any 16-year-old girl.
I cried when he didn't finish his job.
He's fighting with his brothers, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What are there special in my tutor that has done so bold to Malay so brave and expressive and economic?
I say, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
He didn't cut his wings and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operated from the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm an engineer.
And I want to tell you that I recently joined the Monterey group of Google, where I had a divide to my charge -- the video of Google X visualization -- but all the work that I'm talking about here today about brain science, I made it done before I join Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there is a stigma when you shake a brain operation.
Do you still be equal or not?
Is it not like that, can you be smart.
After the neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray matter, but it was the sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neuroscientists.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide what number to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, he would die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the combination and mix of chemicals, and try to get them, to continue with life.
More than ever been saved by little.
But luckily, I have an experimental soul, so I decided that I would experience to try to get the optimal dose because there's really no clear map to say it in a distribute.
I started testing with different mixes and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the dose changed dramatically my attack, my sense of who I was me, my thinking to think, my behavior with others.
A particularly awesome case -- for a few months, I tried doses and typical chemicals for a show man, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed.
I was always unusual, I thought all the time in sex -- and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and --  -- of course, a lot of times in the past I've met several guys like this, or maybe some of the amazing versions of them.
It turned out as an extreme.
But my big surprise was that I was not trying to be a corner.
In fact, I was trying to be a bit insecure -- to fix a problem that had the front, and it just doesn't happen like that.
So, I couldn't handle it.
My dose changed.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through. Since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to do -- when you adjust those hormones and neurosciences and so on, it was to regain my intelligence after disease and operation, my creative thought, my flow of ideas.
I tend to think about it almost always in images, and that became my key reference: how do you get those mental images that I use to create professionals, my ideas, if you want to do that? I test new ideas and recreating situations.
These kinds of thoughts is not new.
Philips like Human, Description and Hobbes look at things like this.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
Today there are people who question this idea, and there are many discussions about how the mind works. For me is simple: for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creative thinking and invention.
So after several years, I managed to find the right point and I have lots of great mental images, really vibrating, and so sophisticated and well structure.
Now, I'm working on how to take these mental images, from my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director would be able to use your imagination only to steer the world that is in front of it?
Or if a musician could extract the music of your head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, like the way that creative people can be shared at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to do this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments made by two groups that are done in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, image for functional MRI -- to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain scan made by Giblian Gans and their colleagues from Harvard.
The column on the left shows the brown of a person who looks at an image.
The media column shows the scale of the brain of that same individual as you imagine, looking at that same image.
The column on the right is created by responding the contents of the central column on the left -- you see that the difference is almost club.
This was repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same picture is almost club.
Now, let me show you another experiment. This is the lab of Jack Gallery in Berkeley, California.
They managed to convert brain waves into remarkable visual fields.
Let's put it this way.
In this experiment, it showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they were scanning their brains to create a huge act of brain reactions to video sequences.
Then you showed a film with new images, new people, new animals, and as soon as a new scan was recorded.
The computer, using just the brain information of the scanning and defined it to show what seemed like the person was seeing.
On the right you can see the destructions of the computer, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
This left us backed.
We're okay to do it.
We just need to improve the resolution.
And now, remember, when you see an image, and when you imagine that same picture, you create in the brain the same map.
This was conducted with the brain scan systems of higher resolution available today, and their resolution was increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are a lot of techniques to do it.
One is open the skull and introduce electrodes to it.
I don't offer for that.
Many are providing new projection techniques for images -- even me, counting with the recent outcome of MRI -- first we should ask the next thing, this technology will be the end of the way?"
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with bigger magnets -- but to this point, bigger magnets only offer small improvements in resolution -- don't increase for thousands of how we need.
I propose this idea: instead of bigger magnets -- we make better magnets better.
We can create a much more complex structure with slightly different reductions, like making a spirit.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a lot of effort at MRI were to make really big magnets, right?
However, most of the recent advances in the resolution of ingenious and brilliant solutions in code and decoration, in transmissions and decoration receptors in the MRI systems.
At its time, instead of a magnetic magnetic field, we use structured magnetic patterns attached to the FM radio frequency.
So when you combine magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FBI radio processing patterns, we can actually increase the information that you can extract in a single scanned.
Also, we can then divide in layers of our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need.
By using IMFA, we should be able to measure not just the flow of blood oxygen, but the hormones and neuroscientists that I've mentioned and perhaps even the direct neural activity -- this is sleep.
We're going to be able to fly our ideas directly to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go on top of the language and communicate directly through thinking.
What would we be able?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be intriguing to use it as a tool to amplify our thoughts of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could take the cure of Alzheimer's and similar diseases.
We have a few more choices to open this door.
Anyway, you pick a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that I'll take a lot more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have a heart.
Their closet may be to tell some person for the first time that I love it or tell someone who's pregnant, or tell someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you've got in life.
All harmony is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can vary tremendously -- the experience of having lived and have come out of that closet is a universal thing.
Day fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I worked in the South Wall Walmart Camp, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several stages of the classical military intensity -- not to steal my armpits -- to quote the letters of the Air di France as a letter.
And I will be convinced that by the hole of my short pants and for me I was holding my head down, I would ask you a little boy, "Hey, you're kid or girl?
And there was a uncomfortable silence on the table.
I would play my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a sandwich stop.
The father would run the newspaper and the mother would launch a cold looked at his son.
But I would not say anything, and I would go inside inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time I would say something.
I would have that difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
"Are you a kid or a girl?
A family silence -- but this time I was prepared and I was about to go from full of filled in the female issues on the table.  I had the quotes of Betty Friedman.
Gloria Stanford quote.
Even a fragments of the "Vagina Monologues" that I would show you.
And then I breathed up and I went down the look and my back, a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for a feminist drive, just a girl with a question: "Are you kid or girl?
So I would breathe back and I stood close to her, and I said, "Hey, I know this is a confused thing.
I have the short hair like a boy, and I saw a kid, but I'm a girl, and I am a girl, and you know, as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas.
Well, I'm more than the kind of girl of a comfortable paint?
And that girl looked at me a lot, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite picture is violent and has a fish.
Can you give me a panel, please?
And that was it. Just "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What about the panel that I asked you?
It was the most easy conversation of everyone ever had.
And why? Because the girl of the panel and I, both of us, were honest with one another.
So as many of us, I've lived in some guns in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be an architecture.
But inside, in dark, you can't know what color walls are.
You just know how one feels living in a craftsmen.
This is how my closet is not different than you or your own or your own.
And surely, I'll give you 100 reasons why coming out of my closet was harder than coming out of it, but this is the thing: The hard thing is not relative to it.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell you that explaining to someone who has been declared in boat is more difficult than saying it's been down?
Who can tell me that this story that I think is more difficult than saying to your five year-old son who will be diverse?
There's no more difficult thing, there's only the hard thing.
We need to stop clearing what is difficult to what is difficult for another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our closet, and we should only feel empathy because we all live something difficult.
At some point in our lives, we all live in trails, and they may make you feel security, or at least more security than what the other side of the door is.
But I'm here to tell you, it doesn't matter what your walls, a craft is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine itself 20 years ago.
I had a horse tail, a sea tail, a tall shop.
It was not the military lesbian prepared to fight any child in four who would go into the coffee.
I was frozen by the fear, in a corner of my dark closet by putting my big gay grain, and just moving a muscle is the most scary thing I've ever done.
My family, my friends, my friends with the ones I've spent my entire life trying to disappoint them, and now the world was going back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a script that we all have followed for so long, but if you don't toss that big, you'll kill you.
One of my most memorable landscapes was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many of them knew that I was gay, and by doing my honor ladies in my black dress and tapestries, I walked around the tables and finally came to one where the friends of my parents, people who knew me years ago.
And after talking for a moment, one of the women was short, "I love Nathan Lange."
And the battle of the gay relative had started over.
"Ah, you ever were in the Cather?
"Well, yes, the truth is we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard it's fabulous."
"Ah, you know my extended Antarctica?
It's very good and never talked about having noise."
"Ah, what is your favorite TV program.
Our favorite program William and Grace.
And you know who loves us? Jack like?
Jack is our favorite."
And then a woman, puzzled but in waiting to desperately show her support, to make me know that I was from my side, he finally said, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink candidates."
And I had an opportunity at that time, as you have all the big lamps.
It might have been easy to indicate where they felt like.
It's not very difficult to find and realize the fact that they were structured.
And what else can you ask someone else but to establish?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for the authentic you get.
That's how hard conversations continue without being my strong point.
Ask anybody that I've come out.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Pacific Child.
Now, please look through this through gay perspective, but you understand that what it means to get out of any closet is essentially the same thing.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the article. Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no armor, but I was ready for the battle.
If you want someone to be genuine -- the other ones should know that we are also suffering.
Number two: Be direct -- just to give it up, scratch your parts.
If you know they're gay, give it.
If you say to your parents that might be gay, they'll keep the hope that that could change.
Don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more important.  Leave the complex.
You communicate your truth.
Never apologize for that.
And some of them can come out safe wounds -- they are distributed by what they have done, but they never get rid of what they are.
And yes, maybe some of them will be disappeared, but something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not from you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write.
So the next time you find in a heart dark by making a grandmother, you must know that we've all been there before.
And you might feel very alone, but they're not.
Thank you, Boundy. Enjoy the vehicle.
Intelligence, what is that?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has been seen -- a productive example has been the famous quote of Department Dison that "The question of if a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim.
When Dr. Dison wrote this as a criticism to the police pioneers like Alan Turkey.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental underlying physical mechanisms of intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
First, let's start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that you are from an alien race, you don't know anything about the biology of Earth or the neuroscience of the Earth and the intelligence of the Earth, but they have incredible telescopes, and you can see the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know that the reason we are trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're from an alien race that you don't know about this, that it doesn't have any concept about intelligence on Earth, they would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, to a certain point in time, the asteroids that are going to give up the surface of a planet in the same way of doing it.
And that's why I claim that this is the same question to understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I conducted a number of years ago, I analyzed a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines that were pointed out, I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally attached to the development of intelligence, and in particular, for developing states that maximize diversity of potential future.
Finally, in the robotic movement, there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so by taking all these different issues and putting them together, I asked, for a number of years, is there a underlying mechanism for intelligence that we can extract from all these different themes?
Is there just just an equation for intelligence.
And I think the answer is yes. What you're looking at is probably the closest equivalent of a E or the intelligence that I have seen.
So what you're seeing here is a statement that intelligence is a force, Fish, that act with the end of maximizing the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or keeping open options, with a Teacher force, with the diversity of possible future accessible, yes, to an impending future time, taboo ...
In a few words, intelligence doesn't like to stay stuck.
intelligence is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open options.
And so, having in mind this equation, it's natural to ask: What can you do with this?
How predictive is it?
Do you predict the level of human intelligence.
You predict artificial intelligence.
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: recent research research has suggested that the universes that produce more destruction, or "delivery, during their life should have a more favorable condition to the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that technical connection between entropy and intrinsic intelligence is a deeper relationship.
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the long-term entropy production, but actually emerges directly from it?
To figure out, we've developed a software engine called English, designed to maximize the long-term entropy production in any system in any system in which it is inside.
Surprisingly, English could spend multiple animal intelligence testing, playing human games, and even winning money by eating action, all of them without doing that.
Here are some examples of English in action.
Just like a human foot human without falling in, here we see Congression balancing automatically a position using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave Andrew a goal.
He just decided for his account to balance the position.
This balance of equilibrium will have applications for human robotics and human care.
This use of tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
Also, just like some other animals can cooperate by pulling out of the opposite of a string at the same time to release food, here we see that English can make a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
Internet is widely applicable to a variety of domain.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game game against itself, including your potential for play.
So here we see English organizing new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and keeps the network well connected.
This same network organization also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
Here we see English to organize the routes of a battery fleet -- discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand the global level of the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, English is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see Antarctica spontaneously discover and execute a competition strategy in a simulated series of action negotiation -- successfully increasing assets under its exponential management exponentially.
This risk of risk management will have broad applications in finance and safe.
Alex Wisconsing: What you've seen is that a variety of markets of smart cognitive cognitive such as the use of tools, walking upright and social cooperation. Everyone derived from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony here.
We went back to the beginning of the term of the robot, the work "Wash: there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion there.
Machines would get up against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had the whole concept of cyber rebellion to investment.
It's not that machines first become smart and then magnetic and trying to support the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all the future of the future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually come up directly from taking control, instead of being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of target.
So I often ask myself, how do you look for targets to look at this kind of frame?
My equivalent to that statement to move into the descendants to help us build artificial intelligence or to help us understand human intelligence, is the following: the intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid restrictions in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at an inflection point in human history, something between the container of stars and losing the planet we call "starter."
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how Earth fits in the context of the universe.
The Kepler mission of NASA has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting around other stars, which points to the Earth only one between the billions of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the language of the stars when the planets go ahead of them, and they block a little bit of that light that gets us.
The data collected by Kepler show the sizes of the planets in addition to the distance between them and his mother star.
At all, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocks like the terrestrial planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they get from their sun.
Instead, this gives clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this theory of potentially habitable worlds, our own planet is sending under the weight of humanity.
2014 was the most hot record.
Marine glaciers and sea ice that have been with us from thousands are now disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused on the global scale have quickly replaced our ability to alter their course.
But I am not a scientist of the climate or astronomy.
But I study the ability of the planet influenced by stars, with the hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I look for alien opportunities in the immense sector.
Now, as a very interested person in the quest of life in the universe I can tell you that the more you look for planets similar to Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invite a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets we know better."
Take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rock, and despite being a little further from the Sun, you can consider a potentially habitable world demonstrated by a mission like Kepler mission.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and in part, that's why we studied so much of Mars.
Our robots like "Curiosity will trace their surface in pursuit of clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the Mark mission, take samples of the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability.
private companies now offer not only short space flight, but also the tempting possibility of living on Mars.
But despite all these Mars images remind us to the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with the cutting-edge ideas and poverty, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the desert areas of our planet that are still going to be collected, really experimenting places compared to Mars.
Even in the most endless and electrical places on the Earth, the air is fresh and oxygen and oxygen extended by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement by the colony of Mars and other paradoxical planets I get a great and sad shadow -- the implications and the belief of some that Mars will expect there to save ourselves from this infinite subject of the only planet that we know is truly habitable -- Earth.
For a lot that I like international exploration, I'm deeply disagreement with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like figuring out that the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the party of truth will tell us that the party of truth will be a place later in the savannans.   Thank you.
But the goals for the interplanetary exploration and the land preservation is not controlled.
No, they're actually the faces of the same condition: the goal of understanding, to preserve and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments in our world look like extraterrestrial paintings.
Just get closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile and unexpected areas of land, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment, the Fermi paradox.
Many years ago, the Fiber Fermi physicist asked to be aware that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there are a lot of planets in this universe, we should have found evidence from the existence of alien life until now.
Well, where are they?
Well, a possible solution to the Fermi paradox is that when civilizations become advanced enough enough to consider living between stars, they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of planets that drive this development.
It's arrogant to think that only international colony will save us from ourselves, but the planetary preservation and the interplanetary exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to motivate the hostile environments of Mars for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task to preserve ability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I looked at my own house.
And while I was on the front porch looking at my pocket, I realized that I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that they were on the dining table, where I had left them.
So quickly tried to open all the other doors and windows, and they were all closed.
I thought about calling a closed, at least I had my cell phone, but at midnight, a closed closed could take a lot of time to come in, and it was cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend from Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe in the next morning, and I witnessed my passport and my suitcase.
And it would be expensive, but I sure it's not more expensive than a closed middle closed and so I thought, despite the circumstances, I was going to go out.
I'm a professor, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
Corruption liberated that increases heart rhythm, modulate the levels of adrenaline and culture the thinking.
And when I got to the advice show in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started to wonder, if there was something I could do, systems that could put in its place, that prevent bad things happen.
Or at least, if bad things happen, that you minimize the likelihood that it's a total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but until a month later, my thoughts didn't survive.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Khana, won from the Nobel Prize, and a little bit embarrassed I told him that I broke the window, and I had forgotten my passport. And Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called a professional retreating.
It's something he had learned from psychologist Gary Klein, who had written about this a few years earlier, known as the premise.
Everybody knows what the power is.
Every time there is a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what went wrong, right?
In the press, like Danny, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that might go wrong, and then you try to figure out what it can do to prevent things or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk about is some of the things that we can do in the form of a premise.
Some of them are an evidence, others are not so obvious.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
At home, to give up a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds common and it is, but there's a lot of science supporting this thesis based on how our spatial memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called a hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of important things, where the good is, where the fish are, that put the fruit trees, where the tribes live and the enemy.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that is graduated on the London tables.
It's the part of the brain that allows the squirrel to find their nuts.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment, they cut the software sense of the squirrel and still could find their nuts.
They didn't use the smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move a lot, not so good for things that are moving a lot.
This is the reason to lose keys of cars, reading and passports gas.
So at home you have a place for the keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For his passport, a particular box.
For their reading glasses, a particular message.
If you design a place and you're sub-Saharan with it, you will always be there when you look at them.
What about travels?
Take with the cell phone a picture of their credit cards, driver's license, passage, send it to email themselves so they're in the cloud.
If these things are lost or steal them, this can facilitate the substance.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases corruption.
The cortex is toxic.
So part of the main practice is to recognize that under stress, we will not be at the best time, and you have to put the systems in their site.
And there's perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we're all going to be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved one, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is driven as a protest for all making medical decisions, and in fact for financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take from the one that will benefit a rational assessment of facts.
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've got the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little high."
They all know that high cholesterol is associated with a higher risk of cardiovascular disease, attack to heart, brain.
So you're thinking that having high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to give you a drug that will help you reduce the colleague, a station."
And maybe you've heard of the statistics, and you know it's one of the most reciped drugs in the world today. It's even likely to know people who take them.
So you think, "Yes, remind the station."
But there's a question that you have to do then, a statistics that should be asked for which most doctors don't want to talk, and pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for NASA, the number needs to treat.
And what's the NASA?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or join a surgery in any medical processing before you help a person.
And you should think about what kind of desert statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not recommend something if I wasn't going to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not the blame of the doctor, and if it's somebody's fault.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanism.
But the RNCAS estimates that 90 percent of drugs work only 30 to 50 percent of the people.
So the number needs to treat the most widely recycled state, what do you think it is?
How many people have got to take it before it helps a person?
300.
This according to the research of cynical researchers Jerry Greenland and Pamela Harvard, confirmed independently by Bolly.
I myself explore the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before avoiding a single heart attack, or brain or another adverse event.
Now maybe you think, "Well, one probability in 300 to download my colleague.
Why no, doctors? Give me the recipe anyway.
But then you have to ask for a more statistics, and it is, "Hey of the side effects -- right?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced by five percent of the patients.
And those include terrible things including musical pain and artificial pain, paralyzed pain, but now you think, "The five percent is not very likely to go to me, still take the medicine.
But a moment.
Remember, under stress don't think of clear.
So think about how you would assign this over time, so you don't have to make the stock chain in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped you, five percent of the 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to go out by the drug that you help you in the drug.
I don't say they had to take the status.
I just say you should have this conversation with your doctor.
Medical ethics requires it, it's part of the beginning of informed consent.
We have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash, but actually, this number needs to be a pretty typical number.
For the surgery that is done in the older men of 50 -- extension of cancer, the number needs to treat is 49 percent.
That's how it is, 49 surgeries for one person who has helped it.
And side effects in that case, they produce in 50 percent of the patients.
Those include the impact or empty dysfunction -- unconscious disconnect, straight dance, fecal concert.
And if you get lucky, and it's one of those 50 percent of the effects just last year or two.
So the idea of pressure is to think before time the questions that you can imagine that will drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all this in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have a lot of times, you want a shorter life of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
They can change your opinion in the heat of the moment, but unless you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases cortex under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that you get a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
It faces face with a predator -- it's not necessary the digestive system, or the release or the immune system, because if the body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react to rapidly, they could be the lunch of lions -- so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is rational logical thinking, like Danny Kanzi and his colleagues have shown to it.
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we're all definitions.
We're all going to fail every once in it.
The idea is to think of the future how they could be those fails, to put systems in the place that will help you minimize the damage, or to prevent the bad things to happen in the first place.
It was reding on the night of snow in Monterey. When I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me a combination of combination next to the door, with a key to the door of entry in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of cards that I haven't ordered -- and lots of email messages that I haven't seen.
So I'm not very organized. But I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Pittsburgh, "Oh, my favorite musical symbol is my favorite music.
It means playing superintelligent.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a path in the particle, you need to touch more sustainable.
Two pigs, even more surrounding.
Four picture, extremely smooth foot.
This is my drawing of a page of pain, there you see that no matter how many thousands and thousands of pain can be, you'll never get to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence, a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the story of the American system, the ALS, besides a little bit of my own story.
The French signs language came in for the 1800s and over the course of the time, mixed with local signs, and the language we know today like ALS.
So, it has a story about 200 years.
I was born deaf, and they taught me to believe that sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, now I realize it's not true for anything.
Sound is a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sound, it's like I would live in a foreign country, following blindly their rules, computers, behaviors and rules without questioning them.
So how do I understand the sound?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my alternatives and amplify sound.
Learning and copy that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sound, and I've seen how people respond.
So I learned, for example.
"Don't notice the door."
"Don't make a lot of noise when you eat the bag of the fresh paper."
"Don't surgery, and when you're eating, make sure not to throw the covers on the dish.
All this is called "the sound "Tasky?
Maybe I think about the label of sound more than the average person does.
I'm a surgery of sound.
And I'm always waiting with the sound of sound, which is about to come next.
From there, this drawing.
TED, for deciding that.
TV, for continued.
TEDTalk, for advertising.
You can see that the score has no notes on the lines.
That's because lines already contain sound through subtle burning and savings.
In deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal for "Projectory in ALS.
A typical penguin has five lines.
However, for me, doing the self with my thumb that is not natural.
That's why I only have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resistance there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries and as I went from one place to another, I realized there was no visual art there.
At that point, the sound was the trend and that was called the attention.
There was no visual art, everything was hearing.
Now sound has entered my art land.
Is it going to be more than art?
I realized it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't just experience through the ears.
I can feel it in a tactile way, or experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the property of sound and integrate it into my artistic practice.
And everything that had taught me about the sound -- I decided to leave it and slow down.
I started creating a new body of work.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
In the bottom of my mind, I always felt that sound was alien, it was a head of a head.
And sound is so powerful that I could well be delivered to me and my artistic work, or I could be empowered.
I chose to be struggling.
There's a massive culture around the spoken language.
And only because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me from equal and becoming my voice.
So I am able to be relevant in today's society.
So in school, in work and institutions, I work with many different interpretations of ALS.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me to be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, by asking for their voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary form of value as well as taking a loan with a very high rate rate.
If you wouldn't continue to have this practice, I feel that I could get away in forget and not have any social value.
So, with sound like my new artistic environment, deep in the music world.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and ALS.
For example, a musical note cannot be captured and expressed in the paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in ALS.
The two are very spatial and highly modular that means subtle changes can affect the whole meaning so much of the signals as the sounds like the sounds.
I'd like to share a metaphor from the piano, so they understand better how the ALS works.
So, imagine a piano.
The ALS is divided into many different grammar parameters.
If you assign a different wall for each finger while you touch the piano, like facial expression, the motion of the body, the speed, the shape of your body, the speed, the shape of your hand, the English is a linear language, as if it would only be a keyboard at once.
However, the ALS is more like a disconnect, you need the 10 fingers in a similar way to express a clear concept or an idea in ALS.
If only a keyboard would change the steel, it would create a completely different meaning.
Same thing happens with music in terms of tone and tomorrow and volume.
In ALS, when you use these different massive parameters -- you can express different ideas.
For example, the "Star signal on that."
This is the "Star sign.
I'm looking at you.
Look at it.
Oh, I got stuck.
Oh yeah.
What are you looking at?
Ah, long."
So I got to think, and if I see ALS through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeat it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the single signal, the sun comes out and put it out.
This is all day."
If you repeat it and reduce speed, you visually see as a piece of music.
All day.
I feel like the same thing can say, "All night.
"All night.
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about three different kinds of nights, "Now, "In the night --  "All night.
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in ALS and how the distance of the body can express changes over time.
For example, one -- it's a hand, two stories -- it's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is in the back.
So, the first example is a long time."
Then, "I was like, "I love you, and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at once, "I had one time."
Common time is a musical term with a specific rate of four times per capita.
However, when I see the word "Time time, I think automatically at the same time."
Look at MD: Right hand, Mian, left hand.
We have the programmer through the head and the chest.
(Music: MRI, fourth Flame Camp "The Child: MIT, flower flower -- I'm going to show you a form of hand called "gravity flow.
Can you do it with me?
All the hands in high hand.
Now we're going to do it so much in your head as the chest, something like common time or "the same time."
Yeah, very good.
That means "Investment in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this one. Please do it again.
And now this.
It means color in the ALS.
Now, the third one. Please get me again.
And again.
It's "literature in the ALS.
We're going to do the three together.
"Let's go "being: "Clinic and "Linus."
Good work all.
Notice how the three signs are very similar. They all happen in the head and the chest, but they transmit very different meaning.
It's amazing to see how the ALS is alive and prosperous, like music.
However, today, we live in a very subjective world.
And only because the ALS doesn't have sound, automatically it has no social value.
We need to start questioning what social value defines and allow the ALS to develop their own value, without sounds.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people will understand that you don't have to be deaf, to learn ABL, not to hear the music.
The ALS is a rich theory and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience our visual language.
And you never know, they can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Dennis Kaleon: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents told me, "You can test everything, but then you have to clean it."
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocence bubble or an ignorance bubble I should say, because adults lie us to protect us from the horrible truth.
When I got older, I learned that adults also engage and that they're not very good at cleaning the ones from others.
The time I spent now, I'm an adult and teaching citizen and invention at Hong Kong.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students to walk through the beach translate with lots of garbage.
So as good citizens, we cleaned the beach, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it is, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but over 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's a strict thing.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big students and networks, to collect those pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and we collect this information in a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive and it's also very risky.
So along with my students, six to 15 years old, we were to invent a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong on a workshop.
We started building this message of working with alternative high for children to be very cheap to be able to participate.
And I will tell you, children who manipulate electrical tools feel great and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to the plastics.
We collect the plastic and we reduce it to the size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of their fragmentation,
That we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas in every child and try to combine them into something we hope that it works.
We decided instead of collecting pieces of plastic, we only collect information.
By using a robot, we take a picture of this plastic -- kids are really excited about robots.
Then we quickly created what we call "a prototype."
We are so fast in the creation of prototypes that we ended before lunch.
And we transform light bulbs and chambers in access and we put it into a floating robot that will be driven slowly by water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see plastic chunks floating slowly through the sensor while the computer in the board will process this image and measure the size of each particle to get an approximate estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this invention step on a website for inventors called "Institutes, with the hope that someone best even more.
The great thing in this project is that students saw a local problem, and boom, they're trying to fix it immediately.
I would investigate my local problem: But my students in Hong Kong are very well informed kids.
You see the news, they eat the Internet, and you stumbled up with this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years, cleaning a oil spill -- just using the hands in Suberiors, the world's largest manufacture rainforest in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that they drink, it's the water in which they bathe -- the water where they fish, the place where they live.
You can also see that the water is brown and the mud and oil are also a brown color, and when everything gets mixed down, it's very difficult to see what's in the water.
But there's a simple technology called spectroscopy, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of a spectrum that can struggle through all kinds of substances that produce different species, which can help identify what's in the water.
We took this prototype with a sensor and we send it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or to analyze a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children.
I was forced to investigate a problem at distance: I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little bit further, maybe I'll address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and half French and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that it triggers several giant waves called tonets, and those tsunami destroyed several cities on the east coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in a second.
It also gives the nuclear power plant from Fukushima, a nuclear central close to water.
And today, according to an average 300 tons. They're still leaking out of the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the whole Pacific Ocean has the 1381 pollution.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure Future radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it has a secure, it's blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I went back to Fully every year from the accident and research in an independent way with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to bring the kids.
Of course, we didn't take them, parents didn't allow them.
But each night we reported the control center here, you see the use of different mask.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did it because they're going to have to live with the radiation all their life.
Together with them we discovered the collected data that day and we talked about what we were going to do later, the strategies, the website, etc.
And to do this, we create a rudimentary male map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We create the electricity map, we introduced pictures to represent real-time data from radiation, and we rock water to simulate the rain.
With this we could notice that the radioactive powder was filtered from the top of the mountain to the river system and it was stopping in the ocean.
It was an approach essential.
But based on this we organize a civil expedition, the closest to nuclear central to date.
We came up to 1.5 miles from nuclear central, and with the help of the area of the area, we were collecting sediments of the sea milk with a secret screen as we invented and we build.
So here we see a progression -- we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, as well as open-source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all of these things.
So the classroom became a little bit small therefore, so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and turned it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's in the center of Hong Kong, and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal metaphor, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of optical optics -- basically you can build almost everything there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children of children can actually become reality with adult aid, and where adults can be children again.
Students: Alcohand: Alexander."
Charles Hawaii, asking things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or are we able to help in the mobility of advanced age by transforming their solar wheelchair in new electrical vehicles.
Plastic, oil and radiation are terrible, but the worst legacy we can leave to our children are the lies.
We can't afford to protect children from the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So scientific citizens, creators, stresses, we have to prepare the next generation to be concerned about the environment and people, and so that I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin dome cells, two radically opposite culture.
One is made out of thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of one silk shoe.
One of them is synthetic -- the other organic one.
One is shocked on the environment, the other one creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other one for it.
Michelangelo angle said that when he looked at the brand in blue, he saw a figure that struggling for being free.
The film was only Mindel angel.
But living beings are not filmmed.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we take all of the information by every cell to work and to replicate it.
The tools also have consequences.
At least from the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by records of manufacturing and massive production.
Montage lines have dictated a world made of parts, by looking at the imagination of designers and architects to think about their objects as an assembly of discrete parts with different functions.
But you don't find students of homosexual material in nature.
Think of human skin, for example.
Our facial skin skin is thin with dollars which are dialogues.
The skin skin is more thick with small pores in the back.
You act mostly as a filter, the other one mostly as a bar, and yet, it's the same skin -- there's no parts, there's no slides.
It's a system that will gradually vary its functionality through the variation of electricity.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, twice every designer of every designer and architecture by working currently between the film and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between the shown and the growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and right, analysis.
My job, on its simplest level, trying to bring these two visions of the world, moving away from the assembly and reaching growth.
You probably ask yourself, why now?
Why wasn't this possible about 10 or five years ago?
We live in a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where they build four disciplines that offer designers access to the tools that we had never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I create.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We designed objects, products, structures and tools through scale, of large scale -- like this robotic arm with a 24 feet of diameter with a vehicle search that some day not very far to print entire buildings, and graphics to nanotechnology made genetically modified buildings, they glow in the dark.
Here we have reinvented the heat, an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where every opening is a unique size to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt -- this was for a fashion debate from Paris with Iran van Herel -- it's like a second skin made of a single piece, right in the months, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D 3D printing collaborator, we printed this layer and failed 3D failure without controls between cells, and I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combines rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns resolution.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a CO2 scanner.
That designers have access to this high resolution and synthetic instruments, allow us to design products that are adapted not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at the structural time, comfortable and also supporting sound.
Professor Carter, my collaborator -- we went back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this irregular surface, it becomes solver.
We print this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in the region, option and color, correspond to the pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, varies its functionality not through the addiction of another material or another slide, but seeing continuously and delighted material property.
But is it the ideal nature?
Are there no parts in nature?
I wasn't raised in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible, and one of them came to me and came to define a lot of what matters to me.
As she relates, "In the third day of creation, God sent the Earth to grow a fruit from fruit from fruit."
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between trick, branches and leaves and fruits.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land did grow trees with branches, cortex, tables and flowers.
The Earth created a world made of parts.
I often ask myself, "What would design be if objects made out of one piece of pieces?
Will we go back to a better state of creation?
So we looked for the biblical material, the kind of material of the fruit tree with fruit, and we found it.
The second most abundant biologist on the planet is called the tapiring, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crabs and scans and maritations.
We think that if we could tune their properties, we could generate multinational structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it a legal marine.  We asked a bunch of shrimp, we get them weavers and we produced cheese cake.
It's a lot of chemical concentrations -- we've been able to achieve a broad range of properties, from dark, hard and optimistic, to light, soft and transparent.
In order to print the large-scale structures -- a system with multiple strings of extra extracting restriction.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from one material three feet long, 100 percent recycled.
When the pieces are ready, you let them dry up to find a natural form of the contact with the air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic?
The air bubbles that were a support of the printing process were used to contain physical microbes that appeared for the first time on the planet 3.5 billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we increase the bacteria genetically designed to capture the atmosphere of the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without showing ball, and if you blow even more, to windows.
A fruit from fruit from fruit.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first life forms on the planet, with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp of shrimp in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here is the best part: for objects designed to block, put in the sea, feed marine life, and placed on the ground, help grow a tree.
The advance for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We looked for the possibility of creating clothes to maintain the life for the international travel.
To do that, we need to dominate bacteria and control their flow.
As the periodic table, we made our own table of elements: new forms of life created computers, made in additional and increasing big ways.
I like to think about synthetic biology like liquid temperature, only instead of bringing precise metals -- they synthesize new biological functionality within very small channels.
This field is called microbial.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, they combined two microbias.
The first is the place.
It lives in our oceans and the freshwater stages.
And the second, E. collection, the bacteria that inhabit the human intestine.
One turns the light into sugar, the other consumer consumption and produces useful biofuels.
But these two microbes are not interacting in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not natural selection, but evolution by design.
To contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract that will help they flow these bacteria and they encourage their way to work.
So we started to grow those channels in the human body, making the properties of material according to the desired functionality.
If we wanted more photographers, we design more transparent channels.
This present digestive system, when it goes from one end to another, it was 60 meters.
This is half of the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our thin gut.
And here it is, as a TED primitive -- our first favorite physics, bright liquid channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shella said, "We are fashion cores, only half is done.
What if design would provide the other half.
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, would repair the damaged tissue and show our bodies.
Think of this as a way of editing biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
It's also known that nature does not do this.
It grows up with society.
This glass of the worm -- for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home within which they metaphor.
The advertising manufacturing is about this level of sophistication.
It does it through combination not from two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations in different concentration.
An act as a structure, the other is the glue or the matrix, bringing those fibers into each other.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first comes up in the environment, it creates a tension structure, and then it starts to carve a computer of compression.
tension and compression. The two forces of life, they manifest in a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we attach a small magnet to the head of a silk worm to the square.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of dots in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the sea worm capital.
However, by putting the silk worm on a flat park, not within a box, we realized that I would harvest a flat cap and still metaphorically deliberate.
So we started designing different environments, different scaffolding -- and we've discovered that shape, the composition of the cocoon is transmitted directly by the environment.
You often have silk worms to death within their hands, their silk gets rid and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plants, we could shape the cross silk without bringing a single capital.
They were metabolized honestly, and we could create these things.
So we climbed this process up to the architectural scale.
We had a hypothetic robot making silk plants, and we put ourselves in our site.
We knew that silk worms into more dark and cold areas -- so we use a sunlight diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we create holes or open, to block the rays of light and heat, destroying silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the organs.
We asked 6,500 worms of silk to a single silk farm.
And after feeding them four weeks, they were prepared to throw up with us.
We placed them carefully on the bottom edge of the animal, and as they diagnosed, they were training, they were going on, they put eggs, and life begins again, like us, but much, much more short.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and he was right.
The high biological silk of the short silk robots, they give all this pavilion his integrity.
And in a little more than two or three weeks, six thousand silk worms take 6,000 miles away.
In a curious symmetry -- this is also the length of the silk route.
Police after that, they produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 additional panels in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk silk through a robotic arm, the other full failure.
If the last frontier of design is to give life to products and the buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers have to bring these two visions in the world.
Which brings us back to the beginning.
Here is a new age of design, a new age of creation, which brings us from an inspired design in nature to inspired nature in design, which demands from us, for the first time, that we make charge of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Hands up if you've ever asked them, "What do you want to be bigger?
If you had to remember what age you had when you first asked this?
You can show it with the fingers.
Three. Five. Three. Five. Five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question "What do you want to be bigger?
It's caused you some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who never could answer the question, "What do you want to be bigger?
The problem was not that I had no interest, but it had too much.
In school, I liked English, the subjects and the art and developed websites, and also, I played the guitar.
You may have heard about us.
And usually I like to test and persist anyway, for a long time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time this sense of abundance, this feeling of abundance, this is no longer a challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in something else, something completely different, and I was supply in it, and I let myself absorb "Yes, and then I find my my mind," and then again this point where I start broken.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I would like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to get into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first one was because I wasn't sure how I was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, deny all of my other passions and give me to break out.
Another reason why I got so much anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I was worried that there was something wrong with this, and something wrong with me for not to define me.
I worried about being afraid of engagement, or to be dispersed, or to be stressed or to my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I would like to ask you something that I'd like to have planned then.
Ask themselves, where they learned to allocate meaning of evil or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it, they learned from culture.
We first wondered what you want to be bigger?
It's about five years old.
And the truth is that nobody cares what you respond to that age.
You consider a naive question to cause cute answers in children like, "Be astronomer or "I want to be a dancer or "I want to be a piece."
Just insert the Hall disk here.
This question is done over and over again as we grow up in various ways, or area, high school students are wondering they're going to pick up in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be bigger?
It happens to be the cute exercise in before we take the sleep.
Why?
While this question inspired kids to dream with what they might be, it wasn't inspired to dream with everything they might be.
In fact, it does just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't respond to 20 different things, even though you're well-intentioned adults -- you might be laughing and say, "Oh, what a nice thing, but you can't be artistic and psychology.
You have to choose."
This is Dr. Bob Chiles  and he is artistic and psychological art.
And this Amy Nike, encouragement of magazine converted into illegal, entrepreneurs, teacher and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is that they are going to have to choice.
But it's more than that.
The whole notion of life centers is very identified in our culture.
It's this idea of the fate or the real voice, the idea that each of us has something to be on the time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing and dedicate your life to it.
But and if you're somebody who's not connected this way?
What if there are many different issues that wake up their curiosity and many different things that want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And feel that there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong with you.
You are a multiplex.
A multinational is somebody with many interest and creative activities.
It's a boom for that.
It could help if you divide in three parts, multiple and potential and day.
You can also use other terms that connect the same idea, as a trick, recovery.
During the record of the Renaissance, the ideal was who was right in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Sherel refers to us as "scientists."
They use any term you like or invent your own.
It seems like a species of adapting to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see the crowd as limited or application that you should come in.
But what I've learned to talk to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths as being this way.
Here's three multinational superpowers.
One: ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and creation of something new in the intersection.
She was a Hawaii Hanna and Rachel Bina expressed their shared interests in cardiac, data visualization and trains and mathematics and design.
Martin is a company that creates geographically inspired jewelry.
Now, Shah and Rachel came up with this unique idea for his microscope mixture of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
That's where new ideas.
And multiples, with all their background, can access to a lot of these points of interest.
The second multi-collar superpower is fast learning.
When the crowds are interested in something, we go to it.
We see everything we can have in our hands.
We're wired to be principles, because it's been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid of testing new things and come out of our comfort zones.
A lot of skills are transferred to other disciplines, and we bring everything we've learned to every new area that we get, so we rarely start with zero.
North Denne is a full-time journey and independent writer.
As a young girl perfect an incredible capacity to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest known mechanism.
Before we become a writer, Norway was financial planning.
He had to learn the most final sales mechanics when his practices started, and this ability helps him write compelling landscapes for editors.
It rarely is a waste of time to devote to what you get to, even if you finally drop it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you could not have anticipated.
The third multinational superpower is adaptation. That is, the ability to transform into anything you need in a given situation.
Abe Carac is sometimes director of videos, other websites, websites, sometimes consultant Kicklobeo, sometimes teachers, and sometimes apparently, James Bond.
It's valuable because it makes a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take different roles -- depending on the needs of his clients.
The journal Facebook Company defined adaptability as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so rapidly and independently that are the individuals and organizations that can pick up to satisfy the needs of the market, the ones that will really thrive.
Ideas of ideas, fast learning and adaptation, three skills where the multinational are very small, and three skills that could be lost if they're prepared to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest to encourage the multinational ones to be themselves.
We have complex problems, multiple right now, and we need no conventional creative thinkers to address them.
Let's say they are, in your heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing that they wanted to be pediatric neuroscience.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you.
In fact, some of the best teams are made of a specialists and a marriage multiple.
Specialization can dive deep and put in a practice of ideas, and the multinational provides a self-confidence of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that are starting with how we are connected.
And unfortunately, multipliest people in large parts are encouraged to just be more like their specialized partners.
And once I said this, if there's one thing you take from this talk, I hope that's this: recover with the internal wiring -- whatever it is.
If you are a heart specialist, then you see it for all media.
That's where you will give the best one.
But for the multinational in the room, including those who have just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I tell you, recovered with their lots of passion.
Keep your curiosity for those control mountains.
They explore the intersections.
About our inner wiring leads us to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most important, multiplexity, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In the year 1902, a woman named August was brought to a psychiatrist in Facebook.
And he would deliver and couldn't remember the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alaska.
He didn't know how to help August, but he would go through it until that, unfortunately, it passed out in 1960.
After his death, Aurora did a stuck and found weird plates and velocites in the blood of August, a guy who had never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If anybody had been alive today, we couldn't give her to her more help than anybody gave him 112 years ago.
Alexanders was Dr. Alaska Alzheimer's Alice.
And August stop, the first patient to receive a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1902, medicine has advanced a lot.
They have discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infection, many treatments for cancer, anti-control statistics for the carbon and much more.
But it's been produced in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's every more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million all over the world.
But in 2050, it'll affect 150 million that, by the way, including many of you.
If you expect to live until the age of 85 or more, the possibility of Alzheimer's power will be almost one of two of them.
In other words, there is the likelihood that they spend their golden years with Alzheimer's or helping to take care of a friend or being loved with Alzheimer's.
In America, the care of Alzheimer's costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today it's the most expensive disease, and its costs prevent an increase from five times in 2050, as the generation of the boom generates.
You may surprise you, but Alzheimer's one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the first 10 death causes of all over the world, Alzheimer's only the only one who can't prevent or cure or even slow up their development.
We understand less than Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in the research of cancer than in Alzheimer's despite the fact that Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what a few people know, but everybody should say, Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 110 years, all of all, even scientists are suffering Alzheimer's with aging.
We think it's going to be sensitive in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there's only a picture of a picture of a healthy aging brain compared to an Alzheimer's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to describing a severe loss of memory and mental skills, damage to brain caused by Alzheimer's reduces significantly the hope of life, and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and strangers in the blood of August a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like an origami.
There are places on the paper that are passively.
And when you fold well, these sticky dots end up inside the inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes molecules of protein to stick into each other, forming groups that can form large plates and villages.
That's what we see in the patients of patients with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There's a lot of steps, and the identity of what happens to block is complex, like devoins a bomb.
It could cut a wire could do anything.
Cooling others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocks it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of them have reduced the wires and waiting for the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, engineers, chemicals, physicists, engineers and math.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process, now it's testing a new kind of drugs that blocked specifically this step to stop the disease.
Let me show you some of our last results.
No one outside our lab has seen it yet.
So let's look at a few videos of what happened when we tested these drugs in worms in worms in humans.
These are the healthy worms and you can see that they move with normal.
These worms on the other hand, they have protein molecules that stick into each other within them as humans with Alzheimer's disease.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms in an early stage, then we see that they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 114 years of wait, there's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to get that hope, to sell the Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to convince that Alzheimer's is a disease, and if we try it, we can see it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have been more R&D and exercise pressure about governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and lengths.
That was essential to move into HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to sell cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk about themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims of their loved ones day and night, are often too desolate to go out and advocate for change.
So, it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's is not in most cases a genetic disease.
Everyone with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like August, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help by talking for them, and they help to demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article at the New York Times column in the New York Times, in January of this year.
To fall in love with somebody, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and from my own experience by testing myself one night last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers are turned to make 36 increasingly personal questions, and then both of them look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions of example.
Number 12, if you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or skill, what would it be?
Number 28, when was the last time you cried to another person?
What about it?
As you move forward, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30 -- this really like -- Tell your partner what you get from him or she -- I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone you have ever known.
When I stumbled up with this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the joke that two of the participants had been married six months later, and invited all of the lab to censorship.
So, it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but of course, I was also intrigued as well.
And when I had the time to test this study, with somebody who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to fall in.
However, we love us, and   And I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the Love Modern column a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's already August -- so I guess some of you probably ask yourself, follow together yet.
And the reason I think you care about this is because I've done this question over and over in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the article was published, the paper was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog input can get to a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually just from my Facebook friends that my article in the New York Times would be able to make a few thousand views.
And that brought a good amount of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as it did, I had no idea.
The article published on a Friday at night, and the Saturday, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And Sunday had already called me the East Show and the George Monkey America.
In a month, the article received over eight million visitors -- and I was, for saying something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust writing with your own amazing experience, but another thing is to discover that the love life of one has been international news  and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks -- always asked the same question: still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search in my email with the phrase, "Are you still together?
And several messages came immediately.
They were students and journalists and corporate strangers like this.
I was interviewed on the radio and they asked me.
Even I gave a talk, and a woman raised to the stage, "Hey Mandela where your boyfriend is?
And I immediately put red.
I understand this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the research of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have covered their own life.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Valley, which included the experiences of readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So, my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that both of us would do a public appearance together.
He wrote television interviews, and refugees the orders of photos of us two.
I think that I was afraid to become an abandoned icon of the love process, a range that I didn't feel at the absolute call.
And I understand that people didn't want to know if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really worked, I mean, if it was able to produce lost love, not just an adventure, but real love, losing love.
But this was a question I didn't feel able to respond.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt, especially people asked the wrong question.
How do we know if we will continue together or not, and then do it all right?
If the answer was not, I would do the experience of doing these 36 less interesting questions?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in 1997, and there, the goal of the research was not to produce romantic love.
Instead of that, I was looking to foster interpersonal approach between college students, using what Arab called sustainable personal Apple, progression and record.
It sounds romantic sounds, right?
But the study does work.
The participants were closer to do it. Several random studies were also used by the Prize friend of Arabic as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between police members and community, and they've used it between people of opposite political villages.
The original version of the story, which I tried last summer, that combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little college of liberal art, and then a student came up to me and said to me with simple: I tried the study and it didn't work.
He seemed deliberately for it.
And I said, "Do you mean that you love with the person who did it?
Well, he made a pause, right?
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said, "But became better friends.
Do you feel that they were able to know better after testing the studio.
The astronaut.
So, it worked, I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he looked for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled up with the study for the first time when I was 29, and I was going through a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I was 20, which was mostly supposed to be my adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or if I could live without him.
So I went back in science.
I spent everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that that could sort of vaccinate the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the time I thought that just research for the book that I wrote but in retrospect, it looks really obvious.
I thought that if I was armed with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad as I felt like I felt like that.
And all of this knowledge has been useful in one way or another.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more relaxed.
I have more confidence to demand what I look for.
But I can also see me more clearly, and I can realize that what I look for is sometimes more than what you can reasonably get to me.
What I find out of love is a guarantee -- not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow, but to keep being loved by the person I love.
It may be the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that media told about the 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to fall in.
There may be a form for some ways to mitigate some of the implicit risk, and this is a very attractive story, because we fall in love with us feeling beautifully, but it's also terrifying.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that I ask, still follow together?
And its content with a reply of yes or No.
So more than a question, I would argue we ask more difficult questions, questions like, how do you decide who deserves your love and who doesn't?
How do you stay love when things get complicated: and how to know when to cut and distance?
How do you live with the uncertainty that inevitably makes a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your partner?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love anybody.
So, if you want the short version of my relationship, it's this one, a year ago, a knowledge and I applied a study designed to create romantic love, we love us, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But fall in love is not the same thing to remain love.
Invest is the easy part.
So at the end of my article I wrote, love didn't happen.
We remain love because we took the choice to be.
And I get a little bit scared by reading now, not because it's not true, but because at the moment, I hadn't considered everything that was supposed to make that choice.
We won't consider the time we would have both of them to make that decision, and the time you have to keep doing that choice without knowing before if he always chose me or not.
I want you to have done enough to have done and answer 36 questions, have chosen to love someone so generous and kind and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest day in America.
But what I've done, instead, is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth I don't really think of it.
And what I look for, and what I might spend my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the very happy end of my article to be involved in the title of my paper, which is, by the way, the only part of the article that I actually didn't write.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose to love someone, and the hope that he will also love me, and it's terrifying -- but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a little bit of legislations on the mountain floor and I kind of came like a glass of the forest.
The city of New York is a time ago.  Something that really affected me but more detail later.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box, and I turned a dollar out of a dollar, a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humanoid or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example, how we eat the spaghettics.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has funny because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still doing boxes.
At a moment I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from explosion and surface and all those weird things -- and I was doing a colleague for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I threw all the pages and made all the pages and I made a kind of crisis to the Agnes Martin, and I covered them from resin, and a bee was caught up.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees, and it's allergic to them, so I added more resistant in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened -- somehow it seemed to rise from size, as if you were to look at the text with a luck.
So what did I do? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs and strange bottles that I was finding on the street, everything I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow traces, draw the same as you do around a chain in the crime scene.
And I took objects and I created my own test of specimens.
First, bottom-up -- that you can make an idea.
I then made some strange insects and creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the rescue layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was earning some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, going to Silicon.
It was great, man.
At some point, I was interested in the human form, scales of natural size with human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: died.
I didn't know what to do, because the resin, I was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing on the glass layers, similar to the drawing in a window, then in another window, and another window, and I had all these windows together that formed a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the resin, right?
So I did this for years, and my work was very big, which I call tradition.
For the tradition, I was inspired by the "Drawing of the Delicious Delicious Delicious Delicious Delicious Delicious Delicious Delicious Delicious Destroyler's Delicious Death."
You know?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of your time.
Well, the tradition." I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
Five feet long.
It has double faces, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, there's Jesus and Lanks.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation to this analog mesh industry where they hide.
This is where creatures with animals of animals are headed to the fat, ready to suicide in mass by spinning in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised from thousands of elements.
This is a bird girl strapped to a card.
Billy Graham is in the sea, Howard -- the pollen platform of the death -- Walker, the Republic of Osama bin Laden, there are all kinds of weird things you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, also a kind of mustache.
It's coming out of the ocean, and you spit oil in a hand while the other hand comes up with clouds.
Their hands are like balances, and it seems a microbial being that holds the Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's an aspect of the tradition."
It's a little bit of a narrative.
That's the hand that I spit in.
And then when you go on the other side, you have a trace, like a bird peak and you spit cloud from this chromosome.
It also has a 5,000 feet long.
Anyway, your tail tends to fire for a volcano.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that go by, you know.
His tail ends up in a hidden collection balloon made from terrorist cards in 1986.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards from terrorists.
Very ahead of their time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects, one is called Psychologists.
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and material are encouraging, dictionaries or magazine.
But each one acts as a kind of archive in a way of being human, and travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at the time.
They're like cells, they get together, they split.
And you can walk between them. I'm taking years.
Each one is basically a microscope, which weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped inside its inside.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head -- it's the chest, you can get into the entrance itself.
I'll take you for the rest of the body, there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or notice, or whatever it is, a kind of thing.
It's a quick repair of these works because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a broken body by half.
This has two heads, and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills coming out and enter the head of this strange statue structure.
There's a little forest scene within the torture of the torre.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes that we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Performance Words.
Inside this box there is a physicist -- a neuroscientist, a painter, a music, a writer, a radio emitter -- a museum, a museum, a school, an editorial arm that spread all the content we do in the world and a garden.
We put the box and all the people in the inside hit each other as particles.
And I think that's how to change the world.
When you redefine who you are and the box you're living in.
And together we get to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we're different, these concepts of countries, from borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made out of the same matter and in the same box.
And if we don't start to exchange those things with dulleting and genetically we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you put your head?
Take an aspiration of it.
But so that this pill has an effect against pain, first goes through stomach, insects and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and indigenous system so that any state drug is extremely effective in the body.
The disaster, though, is that when you swallow it any drug.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When you take antiretroviral drugs, these are to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the CEO of CAPTCHA.
But they are also known for their adverse side effects, mostly negative, because in the time they take to the blood stream, they dilate, and worse even for the time they take to their destination, which is where it's most important, in the HIV set.
These are regions of the body like the lymph nodes -- the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is integrated and not easily in the blood course of the patients who are stored to regulate therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after the disruption of treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the great problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that is an advanced life treatment of the oral life.
One day, I sat and I thought, "Could we make the treatment directly to the desert of the virus, without the risk of dinosaur of drugs?
As a scientific expert in lasers -- the answer was in front of me, the lasers of course.
If you use in dentistry, for the care of wounds and the surgery of the diabetes, you can use for anything, including the intellectual transport of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes, which open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
So you ask yourself, "How is that possible?
We send a little bit powerful laser beam on the cellular membrane of HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser goes through the cell, whereas the cell absorbs drug in a matter of microbes.
Before even realizing the hole is represented immediately.
We're currently testing this technology in vitro or in Peter plates, but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body, apply to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask.
Well, the answer is, through a three heads device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we will make an income in the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, goes into the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an income that distributes the drug, releases it directly in the site of infection, while the laser used again to maintain open cells.
Well, this doesn't seem very much of time.
But one day, if you succeed, this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV of the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all of HIV researchers in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying non-violent armed groups -- armed organizations like terrorists, insurgents or military.
I document what these groups do when they're not shooting out.
My goal is to understand better to these generating agents of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation, not violent.
I do the field work, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost all conflict in course, because the war has changed.
It used to be a spectro between states.
Not anymore.
Now it's a conflict between states and non-governmental actors.
For example, from the 260 personal peace deals between 1975 and 2011, 1960 were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups, we should even engage them or break them into any process of successful conflict.
But how do you do that?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know the reasons why they fight, how they do, but no one analyzes what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and the non-state policies are related.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less delivered them, without a global vision.
Today's armed groups are complex organizations.
For example, the Library of Liberia, known for its violent cooling against Israel.
From his creation in the 1980s, I was also established a political party -- a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Hamarth, known for their suicide attacks against Israel, also managing the Garden of Gaza since 2007.
So these groups make more than just shooting out.
They're crowd.
They set up a complex machine of communication, radio stations, television stations -- Internet websites and strategies in social networks.
And here are the Israelis magazine, printed in English and published to recruit it.
Armed groups also invest in a complex record of funding funds, but by reverse businesses, for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
armed groups also do something else: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they manage hospitals, they put hospitals, they put professional training programs or microbial training programs.
He offers all these services and more.
Armed groups also try to conquer the population by offering something that the state doesn't belong: security and protection.
The advance of the Taliban in an Afghanistan torn by war or even the beginning of the HIV ascent can also understand the efforts of these groups to provide safety.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory of 2006 of Palestinian Hamas can't understand without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex stage, even in the West, when we look at armed groups, we only think about the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are hybrid.
They grow because they fill gaps left by the government, and they emerge as armed and political groups, participate in the violent struggle and they give governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated are these organizations, less we can calculate them as something contrary to a state.
How do you call a group like Hall?
They dominate part of a territory, they manage all their functions -- they pick up the trash, they manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a group rever?
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is Israeli?
The lines were disappearing.
We live in a world of states, with no state and horizontal, and the more weak the states are, as in the Middle East, the more they intervene and they fill that gap, the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to contribute to these groups will have to invest more in not military tools.
And filling out that government vacuum has to be in the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important also to establish and consume peace.
If we understand the armed groups, we will understand what incentives will offer to foster violence of violence to nonviolent violence.
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battles, but it's not going to give us peace or stability.
To achieve these targets we need long-term investments to fill that safety vacuum to fill that victim of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very far to accept the feminist tag would be unfair for the feminists.
I'm a feminist, but pretty bad.
And therefore I was stuck as a bad feminist film.
Or at least I wrote an article and a book called "The Bad Figuring) and then in interviews, people started to call me the Mall Femalism.
So what started as a personal joke attached to myself and a deliberate provider, has become something larger.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth and when I was 20 years old, I had weird ideas about feminist women, these furry women, angry with men and they hated sex -- as if that was something bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people when I was inspired to be feminist.
Being labeled as a feminist was an accusation.
I was labeled as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, which I ask too much, with high self-esteem and dare to believe it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that woman reverse, until it realizes that it's actually that woman and can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist and also proud to be.
For me, certain claims are incredibly internationally, women are equal to men.
We deserve the same floor for the same work.
We have the right to travel around the world as we want, free from bullying.
We have a right to use easy and accessible anti-controls and reporting services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, without the need of legislative controls or angeline documents.
We have the right to respect.
There are more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you need to be in account our other identity.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, expression of gender, religion and sexuality condition, skills and much more.
We have to have in account with these differences and how they affect us, in the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion -- our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are an evidence, but to be clear: I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist from me.
I have another confidence.
When I drive the work, I hear rap music to go to all volume.
Even though the letter degraded women and I am deeply offensive -- the classic "Sam Shanghai of the yin San Tanzania is amazing.
Make it reality with your break camera.
Percent, dance, move until you hurt the short."
Think about it.
Powerful poetry, right?
I'm completely killed by my musical taste.
I firmly believe in man's work, which is all I don't want to do, including --  -- all the domestic tasks -- but also kill insects, the card of garbage and the machine care and the machine care.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy fashion magazines and beautiful things.
I can see "The Bachages" and the romantic comments, and I have a lot of abuse from the stories that are actually made.
Some of my crime are more declined.
If a woman wants to adopt his husband, it's his choice, and I'm not who to judge me.
If a woman decides to stay at home to raise his children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same election, the problem is that our society is confident in a way that makes women economically vulnerable when they choose to.
We solve this problem.
It rejection the conventional feminism that has ignored or distinctively disabled the needs of the women of color, workers and gay and transgendered -- in favor of white women, heterosexual women, middle class and high class.
Listen, if that's good feminism I'm a very bad feminist feminist.
It also happens the following: as a feminist -- I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put from shopping feminist in a peak.
We hope that it will go to perfection.
When we tell us, we would play it very much from the same pedal where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster. I already consider myself from that pedal before they try to get there.
Too many women, particularly innovators and sector leaders, are afraid to be labeled as feminists.
They are afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm a female, for fear of what that tag means, for fear of not being able to meet with the little realistic expectations.
Take for example to Berkeley, or like I call it, the God.
In the last few years, it's a decline showed.
In the African Music Video Assembly, on Mexico, act in front of the word "Financial From three feet high.
It was a magnificent show, to see this pop star open up openly the feminism and make women know the women and the young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
Last time, cultural critics started international debate if Berkeley was or not precisely.
They rating their feminism instead of simply believing a word of adult and mature woman.
We demand perfection of the feminist -- because we're still fighting for a lot, we want a lot, we need so much very carefully a lot.
We go far beyond the sensible and constructive critic to break out the feminism of any woman, destroy it until it's nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminism or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point of party.
But what happens next?
We just went to recognize our impacts to realize stories, move into action and be a little bit more brave.
If I hear dramatic music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy by providing an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we extend the change affecting their profit.
No doubt is hard.
Why does your music be so delicate?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are justify this, it makes it harder for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think about my supplies, three and four years.
These are two magnificent girls, and they decided and brilliant, and also very brave. I want you to grow in a world.
They are appreciated by the strong creatures that they are.
I think about them, suddenly the best choice is a much easier thing to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is dealing with sexual violence against women as sports -- the Game of Treaky.
We can change radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to the cinema in another part when movies don't treat women more than a decorative object.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their peers, like bottleneck stores.
In any case, men, especially white men, heterosexual men can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, I will participate in your project, or work with you, until it doesn't include a enough number of women, so much to participate like to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people."
Those of us who are supported but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also tell us to be included until more like us are welcome to overcome barriers to the decision-making period.
Since we are not a little bit of any people -- without these efforts, without adopting these positions, our achievements are going to mean very little.
We can make these little acts of bravery and hope that our decisions come to the top, the people in the direct power and the producers of film and music, CEOs -- cells, legally, people who can make big decisions, more courageous, to create a durable and significant change.
We can also hold out our feminism -- well, bad, or any of the things.
The last line of my book "Mala Female: he says, "I would rather be a bad feminist to not be at all."
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, most of all, because it was in my voice because I was stolen and feminism helped me get it back.
There was an incident.
I call it an incident to address what happened.
A few kids gave me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
I was treated like nothing.
I started to believe it was nothing.
And they stole my voice, and after it all doesn't dare me to believe that I could possibly matter.
But I was writing.
And I went back to me again.
It reminds me in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and from women who looked like me and understood what meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned how to write like them, and then I learned how to write as myself.
I found my voice again, and I started believing that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and feminism -- I also discovered that if it was a little bit courageous, another woman could hear me and see that none of us is the nothing that the world is trying to tell us that we are.
In a hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the humble reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my thinking, what I say and what I do, without leaving everything that makes me human.
I hope we could all do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little bit courageous, when you need to have such a value.
Right after Christmas last year, 132 children in California, they had measles.
The virus then went through the border with Canada, infecting more than 100 children in Queen.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with an immune immune system is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There is an effective vaccine against this from more than half a century ago, but many of the kids involved in the Disney outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposedly even worse, autism.
But a moment, was it not the article that was unleashed about autism and descriptional vaccines, disconnected and marked by being a fraud by the British Medical British?
Doesn't it believe most intelligent scientists that the vaccines cause autism is a spectra?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents around the world continue to fear that vaccines put their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the estimates of autism increase in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician I had heard about it creates the whole professional life without seeing a single case.
For decades, the prevalence stations were set up just three or four children per 10,000 children.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers started shooting out.
Foundation organizations like Autonomy Prizes are routinely referred to autism as an epidemic, as if I could get away from another child in Disneyland.
What's going on?
If you're not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people at the Center of Disease Control Center what's going on, they tend to be based on phrases like "speaking diagnostics and "A better care detection to explain these growing figures.
But that kind of language doesn't spend much the fears of a young mother who seeks in his face of two years, the visual contact contact.
If the diagnostic criteria had to zoom in, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s.
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less than do with the slow and careful progress of science than with the secret power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how they discovered, but that story turned out to be false and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global public health.
There was a second more precise story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we need to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist read, Leo Kong, from the Johns Hopkins Hospital in 1943, Canada published an article that described 11 young patients that seemed to be able to inhabit private worlds, by giving the people around them, even their own parents.
They could have fun for hours waving their hands in their faces, but they were prisoners of the panic for mental as when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic -- Kansas speculated that autism is very rare.
In the 1950s, as a major authority of the world on the subject, declared that I had seen less than 150 real cases of his syndrome.
This is actually not to stream, because the criteria of Kansas for autism diagnosis were very residential.
For example, I wanted to give that diagnosis to children with consumers, but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism.
Once he had turned out that he had turned nine out of every 10 children sent by other doctors to be autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kansas was an intelligent man, but part of his theories were not closed.
I classify autism as a form of child psychologists caused by cold, destination parents.
These kids, he said, have been carefully kept on a refrigerator.
At the same time, though, Kanha noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that are advantaged in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphony before the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite records, he correctly said, "Benefix."
But Kanak had a bad opinion of these skills, depending on things like children were just recording what they had heard to their people who were pasted parents, desperate to win their approval.
As a result, autism became source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, the researchers started testing the DNA theory that autism was weird.
Lord Winnetthuk, cognitive psychologist in London, thought that the theory of the devastating mothers from Kansas was pretty stupid.
She and his husband John were warm and African-American people, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susuit.
Lord and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Susuit without support services, no special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend to the National National Service, they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, Lord and their colleague Judith Golden decided to do something that should have done 30 years before.
They did a study of autism prevalence in the general population.
They had a suburb of London called Charge to try to find autistic children in the community.
What you saw was that the DNA model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some kids couldn't speak at all, whereas others were embedded in their fascination for astronomy, in dinosaurs or in the general level.
Otherwise, these kids didn't fit into nice and searched parasites, as Julian said, and saw a lot of them, much more than the monolithic model of Kansas would have predicted.
At first, they were lost by trying to make sense of their data.
How did no one have been perceived from these children before?
But then I found a reference to an article published in German in 1944, next year to the Kanhobeo article -- and then forget, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Mandarin knew about this piece of competition, but he avoided subjective in his own work.
There was no even an English translation -- but luckily, the Lorn husband spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Apple, who would lead an integrated clinic with an inner school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
The idea of Apple for teaching children with learning differences were progression even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with the kinds of exercises with music, and children follow their games.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Asperger's described as a political disability of life that required compassionate support and spaces adapted during the course of all life.
Instead of treating children in their clinic as patients, Asperger's called their little teachers, and it was dedicated to helping in development methods that were especially suited to them.
And fundamentally, Apple saw autism as a diverse continuum that led an amazing variety of donors and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and they've always been, seeing aspects of this continuum in anti-control architects like the poor social scientist and the distracted teacher.
He was beyond even to say, that for success in science and art, a fish of autism is essential.
Lord and Judius discovered that Kanak was wrong when autism was informed, as the parents were the causes.
Over the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of psychiatrists to extend diagnostic criteria that would reflect the diversity of what they called autism spectrum."
At the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes went into visualization, by replacing the limited model of Warner by a broad and even application model.
These changes don't fall in a broken shop.
Capable, when Lord and Judius worked between the samples to reform these criteria people, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before I was going to go out "Rain Man in 1988, just a little circle, end up with experts knew what autism was, but after the innovators of Discovery Mandela, like Rama Babylon and the recognition of "Raman Man with four prints from the Academy -- pediatrician printes, psychologists, teachers and fathers around the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, the first easy clinical trials to use to diagnose autism.
I should no longer have a connection with that little circle of experts to make a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of "Raman Man changes the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism consciousness.
The number of diagnostics started to get up, just like they predicted Lord and Judaism, actually expected that to be, getting people with autism and their families finally get the support and services that are deserved.
So Andrew Wallywood came to blame vaccines for the increase in the diagnosis -- a simple one, powerful, and security history as bad as the Kanda theory that autism was informed.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one in 68 children in America are in the spectrum, it's right, the autistic ones are one of the largest minority groups in the world.
Over the last few years, autistic people have joined on the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles for solving the new medical advances -- by taking the term "Train to celebrate the variety of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think of terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows. It doesn't mean it's broken.
According to the autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, and obviously social, and it suffers from an attention deficit to detail.
Indeed, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Apple, which believed that the "railroad for the most clever aspects of autism are in the understanding of teachers, employers with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Rio Zakes once said, "We need all the hands in covered to reveal the boat of humanity.
As we navigate into an uncertain future, we need all forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste a brain.
Thank you.
